
Character story
You have experienced so many twists and turns and sufferings in your life that it is difficult to see the inner joy and anger on your face.
When you were young, your family was well off, and your father hired a master to teach you how to read and practice martial arts. When you were 12 years old, something happened to your family. Your parents died in prison. You were picked up by Master Ren, a martial arts teacher, and you left your hometown.
Master is your benefactor. He takes you back to his home in Beijing to live together. When you were 19, you returned to Shanxi and found a job in Taiyuan as a waiter for a family named Li. There is a young lady in the Li family who is close to your age. She is very good to the guys in the family. She often chats with you and even brings you food after working late. The next year, she was married by a wealthy businessman named Zhao. After calculating your salary, you resigned and left Taiyuan.
A year later, you returned to your hometown of Zezhou by chance. You found your family's former residence based on your childhood memories. The character "Zhao" on the door plaque reminds you that things are different and people are different. While you were wandering outside the gate, the hostess of the house returned by car. When she got off the bus at the gate, she was holding a baby in her arms - this hostess was the young lady from the Li family - now the daughter-in-law of the Zhao family. .
You quickly found a job in a nearby shop selling foreign goods, where you could live and eat. While you were on duty, you happened to meet the eldest son of the Zhao family (who was also the husband of Miss Li's family). He came to the shop to choose foreign gadgets. After discovering that you are a local, I asked about you and found that you actually knew each other - when you were practicing martial arts with Master Ren, you had several brothers, and one of them was this young master of the Zhao family. Although it has been nearly ten years, Even though we haven't seen each other, he still recognized you - and you only remember calling him Senior Brother Zhao before.
Senior Brother Zhao's name is Wan Lei. He is very happy to meet his childhood junior brother and takes you to drink immediately. So you went with him to a famous hotel in the city. The Madam greeted you very warmly. At the wine table, several pink-headed girls who were familiar with him came out to flirt with him. Zhao Wanlei talked to you about his situation over the years while drinking, but you had no intention of drinking, you just responded. When you saw him hugging you, what you were thinking about was the Miss Li family. She must have been waiting at home for a long time. The husband who has not returned home.
Zhao Wanlei then invited you to work as his helper in his house. You agreed after thinking about it for a while.
After you resigned and moved into the Zhao family, you worked hard to complete your work every day and helped the disorganized Zhao Wanlei solve problems, which also gave him more time to wander outside. During this period, you and Miss Li's family often met. Many times, you came to report to her in embarrassment that the young master would not be back tonight. Only then did you know that her name was Li Yu, but she did not remember that you had been in Li Yu. Worked at home.
You clearly remember that in the 21st year of Guangxu (1895), Zhao Wanlei took you to Tianjin for business. He often goes to a big mansion and soon spends all the 50,000 taels of silver he brings. He asks you to go home and get another 200,000 taels of silver, otherwise he will not leave here.
The old man of the Zhao family fell ill after hearing what you said. The house was in chaos, and the old lady could only keep burning incense and praying for blessings. At this time, Li Yu asked the old lady to bring the master's key and give it to you for safekeeping, and let you be the master temporarily.
Soon several relatives in the clan heard that they were coming to the door and wanted to drive you out of the Zhao family aggressively. Unexpectedly, Li Yu, who has always been gentle and gentle, walked out with his son in his arms at this time and firmly came to support you in taking care of things. . Those relatives were disappointed and had no choice but to leave. After seeing them off, you went to the room to thank your wife, only to see Li Yu sitting in the room crying.
Years of grievances have suppressed her feelings, and she has exhausted all her strength by standing up to support you today. You could no longer control your feelings for her... That night, you did not leave her room.
A month later, you collected two hundred thousand taels of silver and went to Tianjin to bring back Zhao Wanlei. Nine months later, on the 24th of the second lunar month, Li Yu’s Nuer or Daughter was born, named Luoyi. You remember this day firmly.
After his father died of illness, Zhao Wanlei bought the East Peak of Jiaoshan Mountain outside Zezhou Prefecture, built a prosperous and magnificent manor there, and moved his whole family into it.
In the twenty-sixth year of Guangxu (1900), Beijing was captured by foreign troops, and the emperor and the queen mother fled. You were very worried about Master Ren and his family in Beijing. After making inquiries, you found out that they had been taken to Taiyuan.
At this time, a man who called himself the Shanghai Black Wolf Society asked the Zhao family to help them do some secret business. After you told Zhao Wanlei, he refused without mercy. You didn't dissuade him at the time because you didn't expect the vicious methods Black Wolf would use - they did something you would regret for the rest of your life.
You had already married a wife and had a daughter named Feng Zhu. Your family lived in an old house at the foot of the mountain to take care of business. At the beginning of winter this year, your wife and your wife took the young master Zhao Wei to their own shop in the county town to select newly arrived Suzhou silk and satin, preparing to make new clothes for this year’s twelfth lunar month festival. Unexpectedly, as soon as they walked into the door of the shop, an explosion occurred. .
When you get there, everything is irreversible, and the only survivor is the young master who was too playful and did not enter the shop. You almost collapsed... You accepted the Black Wolf Society's request without telling Zhao Wanlei. After he lost his wife, he also became addicted to alcohol and sex, and left many things to you. You moved into the villa with Nuer or Daughter and became a housekeeper.
Zhao Wei was shocked after witnessing the tragedy. Only the medicine prescribed by Dr. Zhang from the Western Pharmacy could temporarily calm him down. You tell him some stories and he listens very carefully. Once you made up a story about his life experience: his father was not Zhao Wanlei, but the current Emperor Guangxu. His mother is Yu Fei. She offended the Empress Dowager when she was pregnant with him, so the emperor sent her mother and son out of the palace to take refuge. You and Zhao Wanlei are her guards. Unexpectedly, Zhao Wanlei was greedy for beauty, forcibly married her, and finally killed her. You can only protect Zhao Wei and wait for the Forbidden City to send someone to pick him up and take him back to the throne.
Zhao Wei likes to listen very much and keeps asking questions. You can add some anecdotes that you heard in the alleys of Beijing or current events to make the story more and more real. Zhao Wei completely believed it and his condition slowed down. With never-ending medication, he was free from his past. As he grew older, his relationship with Zhao Wanlei became worse and worse. When he became an adult, he moved into a small courtyard behind the villa and never left the villa.
You moved into the villa for another purpose, which was to take good care of Zhao Luoyi and let her grow up healthily. You persuaded Zhao Wanlei to send her to study and receive a new education. You hoped that she could control her own destiny... In the third year of Xuantong (1911), the Qing Dynasty ended the imperial system with the sound of artillery fire in Wuchang.
Dynasties change, just like the rise and fall of a family, there is never a day of red flowers. At this time, the Zhao family was still the richest man in Zezhou, but many businesses had already suffered huge losses. A Taiyuan business group is purposefully encroaching on the Zhao family's business routes and industries.
The adult Zhao Luoyi is as beautiful and kind as her mother. She insists on being a woman of the new era. She changes the rules of the family and allows the servants, the manager and the master to eat at the same table - Zhao Wanlei and you are used to her, and all these things happen. She was happy until she was going to school in Shanghai, which you felt was unacceptable, but Zhao Wanlei was very supportive.
After sending Zhao Luoyi away, you were very disappointed. Zhao Wanlei asks you to go drink in his room. You usually don't drink. This time you don't remember how much you drank or what you said when you were drunk. The next day, you wake up in your bed and Nuer or DaughterFeng Zhu tells you that Zhao Wanlei is sick. His illness was caused by cold, but he often suffered from insomnia, so Dr. Zhang prescribed him medicine to help him sleep. You did not inform Zhao Luoyi, who was studying in Shanghai, of these things.
Zhao Wanlei once invested a large amount of money in Zhang Xiangshuai to build an arsenal in Hanyang. Later, Zhang Xiangshuai raised funds everywhere, bought the most advanced German production lines, and improved bullet technology. Now a Japanese company wants to buy the Zhao family's shares, and the price is not low. , Black Wolf will let you broker the deal. Zhao Wanlei, who has never been fond of managing family business, went against the norm in this matter. He firmly said that the weapons factory belongs to China and can only belong to the 40 million Chinese people. He cannot say that it should be given to foreign countries. His determination is just like that of Geng Zi. Exactly the same as last year.
A week ago, Black Wolf will send you a telegram from Shanghai, saying that Zhao Wanlei's Nuer or Daughter is in their hands. You immediately go to the county seat and send a telegram, saying that you will send someone to pick up the lady immediately, and ask them to be kind to her. After that, you send most of the clerks in the villa to the Zhao family's shop in the city and ask them to report back immediately if anything unusual happens. You find Zhao An (Zhao An has gone to Shanghai several times to meet people from the Black Wolf Society for you, and sometimes brings you some secret messages) and asks him to go to Shanghai to pick up the young lady without making any mistakes. Qi Yue was also asked to find two trustworthy nursing homes to accompany him.
Yesterday, the eldest lady who was supposed to be taken home appeared alone at the gate of the villa, and the person sent to pick her up was nowhere to be seen. You came out with your servants to greet her and found that she didn't even have any luggage. Zhao Luoyi explained that she came back by herself and did not meet anyone to pick her up. She would be returning to school soon, so she did not bring any luggage.
You were relieved to see her back safely, and then you told her that Zhao Wanlei got sick while drinking at night. When you accompanied Zhao Luoyi to visit him, Zhao Wanlei had just taken medicine and was still sleeping.

today's story
Every morning when you get up, you first go to visit Zhao Wanlei, and then listen to reports on what is going on in the county. When Zhao Wanlei saw you, he said he had insomnia again. You chatted with him for a while and found that he was in very bad spirits, so you didn't tell him that Zhao Luoyi was back. You see he drank ginseng porridge and took medicine again. When Zhao Luoyi came to see him, Zhao Wanlei was already fast asleep.
Afterwards, you received a guest waiting in the living room. He was a mineral businessman who had made an appointment to sign a contract with Zhao Wanlei a few days ago. His name was Guo Wangshan. He was the general agent of the Beijing Mining Corporation founded by former cabinet prime minister Lu Zhengxiang. You have read the previous contract, which is very helpful to the Zhao family's current predicament. If it were not for Zhao Wanlei's illness, the signing would have been completed long ago. You guys had just been chatting about some business matters in the living room when Zhang Tang, the doorman, came in and announced that a person was outside the villa and he wanted to see you for something urgent.
You walked out quickly and saw a young man in his twenties outside the door, carrying luggage, not like a local. He first confirmed your identity, and then handed you a small unlocked box, which contained a wolf head button (this is the token of the Black Wolf Society, which Zhao An brought back to you before), and a letter for you. secret message.
You are very uneasy at this time and need to calm down immediately. So you asked the young man about his situation, and the young man answered that his name was Yin Shaoming and he was from Lu'an (which didn't sound like the truth). Then he hinted that he was a member of the Black Wolf Society and asked you to read the letter immediately. You calm down, put the letter and the token in your arms, and ask him to follow you into the villa - you hope to test his reaction - he doesn't object at all, picks up the luggage and follows you into the gate.
Yin Shaoming walked behind you and met Zhao Luoyi when passing by Wutong Garden. You quickly got ahead of him and introduced to Zhao Luoyi that this young boy was your nephew, named Yin Shaoming. Because Lu An's hometown suffered a flood, he came here to join him. At this time, you noticed that Yin Shaoming was also looking at Zhao Luoyi, and you immediately warned him: "This is the eldest lady of this villa, a wealthy person. Don't bother her if you have nothing to do. She has a different status from you."
Then you took him to a guest room and asked him to put down his luggage. Then you took him to the living room and saw Qi Yue here. Then Zhao Qiuer, Zhao Luoyi's personal maid, came to the living room carrying a basket. She whispered to you: "The master asked me to tell you that he wants to rest more and doesn't want to see others. If he has anything to do, wait until he gets up in the afternoon to talk about it." You see it's getting late now, so you invite the guests to have lunch with your family.
other people you already know
1. Zhao Wanlei: Your martial arts brother is a wealthy local businessman and the owner of the villa. I trust you very much and leave everything at home to you.
2. Li Yu: Wife of Zhao Wanlei, mother of Zhao Wei and Zhao Luoyi, you still have a photo of her and your wife. On the back of the photo is written Zhao Luoyi’s birthday: the 22nd year of Guangxu, February of the lunar calendar. twenty four.
3. Zhao Wei: Zhao Wanlei’s son believes in the story you made up. In the first year of the Republic of China, when you tricked him into cutting his braids, you didn’t tell him what era it was now.
4. Zhao Luoyi: The person you care about most, you will protect her at all costs.
5. Zhao Qiuer: Zhao Luoyi's personal maid, a native of Zezhou, was sold to the Zhao family since she was a child, and grew up with Zhao Luoyi, and they have a good relationship. Zhao Wanlei often praises you that this maid is very sensible.
6. Feng Zhu: Your Nuer or Daughter moved into the villa with you after the tragedy.
7. Qi Yue: The general manager of the nursing home of the Zhao family is from Baoding. He has joined the army. He came here a few years ago. He was hired by you because of his calmness and outstanding skills. He was promoted to the general manager of the nursing home and was responsible for taking care of the outer courtyard of the villa. work and protect the safety of the villa.
8. Yin Shaoming: Your nominal nephew came to seek refuge with you because of the flood in his hometown. In fact, the Black Wolf will be sent to urge you to do things (most likely he has other purposes).
9. Guo Wangshan: A mineral businessman from Beijing came to visit Zhao Wanlei to complete the contract.
12:10 (living room) After-dinner greetings
Have a brief understanding with everyone and ask about what you want to know. Don't arouse others' suspicion and alertness.

Afternoon activities
In addition to looking at the watch or clock, the time in the game is an estimate, and there will be an error of about 10 minutes.
13:00. After you returned to your room, you quickly read the letter. The letter was written in a hidden code, and the general meaning was "Sign in the near future without delay." This was the ultimatum of the Black Wolf Society. You sighed after reading it. Find a paper bag from the drawer. This is filled with oleander powder. You gathered it from the garden after Feng Zhu said it was highly poisonous, and kept it on hand just in case. You now put this paper bag in your pocket and go find Zhao Wanlei.
13:20. You knocked on Zhao Wanlei's bedroom door. After waiting for a while, he called you to come in. When you walk in, you see a basket with cakes on the table, and Zhao Wanlei is sitting on the bed eating cakes. You asked him how he has considered the proposal to transfer equity? He thought for a moment, then put down the cake and said word for word: "Although I, Zhao Wanlei, have a bad character, I am not good at doing certain things." You were very angry after hearing this and said to him: "What are you Japanese about?" They can do it all." "Then we can't give the arsenal to them." After hearing this, you said nothing more and only reminded Zhao Wanlei that it was time to take medicine. While he was taking the medicine, you sprinkled the oleander powder on the cakes in the basket, and then said: "I understand what you mean, and I will do it." After that, you turned around and left the house, closing the door. --You have made the decision to persuade the heirs to transfer the equity after Zhao Wanlei's death.
13:40. You met Zhao Luoyi in the corridor and told him that Zhao Wanlei had woken up and you could go in to see him. You knew in your heart that this was the last time their father and daughter would see each other. You thought of Zhao Wei at this time and wanted to tell him something in advance.
14:20. You met Qi Yue outside the house. He said he had something to talk to Zhao Wanlei, so you took him upstairs.
14:30. You found that Zhao Wanlei's door was locked, so you knocked on it. There was no response from inside. You thought the poison should be strong at this time, so you said that the master was about to wake up and asked Qi Yue to wait at the door while you went to get the key to open the door.
14:50. You took the key and opened the door. You saw no one in the room, and there were some debris piled in front of the bed. You were stunned for a moment and said that the master might have gone out. You should go find him and ask Qi Yue to wait in the room. Then you closed the door and went downstairs.
15:00. You have been hiding at the back of the stairs since you went downstairs. You can see the people going upstairs, but they can't see you. You waited for about half an hour and saw Guo Wangshan go up, and then he ran down on the ground not long after, followed closely by him, Qi Yue also came down. You don't know what they saw. Then you saw Zhao Qiuer walking down in disgrace.
15:20. You went back upstairs and entered the room to see the quilt thrown to the ground, and a golden dragon knife that had also been taken off the wall and still on the ground. You walked into the bathroom behind the bedroom screen and saw Zhao Wanlei, who was already frozen there, with his eyes protruding and bleeding from his mouth and nose. You wiped his blood with toilet paper, then took him out of the toilet, put him on the bed, wrapped his hands in sheets, picked up the Golden Dragon Knife on the ground, and inserted it into Zhao Wanlei's chest. Not much blood splattered.
15:40. You come out of the house, close the door, go downstairs to the accounting room, and ask Song Qun, the bookkeeper, about your recent income, and find that there is not much cash at home. You saw Zhao Luoyi leading Qiuer upstairs through the crack in the door.
15:50. You came to Zhao Wanlei's bedroom door and saw Zhao Luoyi knocking on the door. She asked you to open the door. You opened the lock but couldn't open the door, so you went to the stairs to call someone. Then you saw Qi Yue coming up with Guo Wangshan, and you followed Qi Yue told the situation. Qi Yue immediately pulled out the steel whip he had brought with him, stepped forward quickly, raised the whip with his hand, smashed the handle of the yellow pear door to pieces, kicked the door open, and rushed in ahead of you. You waited for Qi Yue to come out and then walked into the scene to check. There was nothing different from before. After you came out, you took Zhao Luoyi and Zhao Qiuer downstairs, and met Qi Yue and Guo Wangshan downstairs. Yin Shaoming happened to be at the door, so you called them all into the living room, and then asked Nuer or DaughterFeng Zhu to invite the eldest young master. come over.
