Character story
You are not miners, nor are you from Beijing.You are a native of Zezhou Prefecture. He was originally a doctor who opened a pharmacy. Because of the death of the dead, the defendant went to the official to lose his family property. Not much of your original name remembered, but when it comes to your name SHUANG MIAN Hu, that yearZezhou Prefecture is still rigid.Your fame is not because of your ability, but because it was involved in a major case that shocked the state government at the time.
It was in Gengzi (1900). You take the lead in Zezhou Mansion, and make some broken silver of the middlemen by relying on your teeth.One day you just helped the two people say a sale and made a little flower. It was going to the nearby wine restaurant to fight the teeth festival, and was stopped by a well -dressed young man.At a glance, you know that this person is not local. He has no braids, either returning home abroad, or mixing with foreign devils.
The other party asked your cricket directly and said that letting you do one thing for him, first give you fifty or two, and after the end, there is still a hundred two silvers to pay for it.You promised immediately.
He takes you to the door of a satin shop, and gives you a pack of new explosives and fifty two silver, let you explode here today.You said that you wo n’t know this, he told you the specific operation.After confirming that you learned, he told you that after going to the west gate of the city to get the remaining remuneration, he left.
If you think about it, you can be big or small. The satin shop is the local master Zhao's house. The power is not small. You have to find a mixed boy to do it for you.So you go to find a few Xiao Hunhun or Little Rascal, and take a little silver to ask them to go to the restaurant to eat and drink, and find that one of them can do things.When I put it on the top, I appealed at the time.After dinner, you took him to the door of the satin shop, gave him explosives and twelve silver, and taught him to use it to let him do it immediately.Then you hid on a tea house across the satin shop.
When you go to the tea house, you can drink a pot of tea, and you can see that many people run out of the shop, but there is no fireworks. You can scold this explosive to be useful XX.You don't need to spend more money to find someone to find such a little movement.You pour all the melon seeds sent by the teahouse into your pocket, checkout downstairs, and plan to go outside the city to collect money.
Just at the door of the teahouse, the ground under the feet suddenly shook, and then you saw that the light of the sky and the black smoke rose up in the direction of the satin shop, and then the people in the whole street ran away.Grasp a person and ask what happened?The man was scared to say it was unclear, and I told you for a long time that the satin shop of Master Zhao's house was in trouble, and many people died ...
You were suddenly frightened, and even the silver outside the city couldn't care. Immediately go home to clean up things. Fortunately, you are a person who is full of family and is not hungry.On the top, while the city gate was not closed, he died all the way to the north, and ran to Taiyuan Mansion.
In those years, there are people in the Taiyuan government. Even if there are official arrests, there are not many officials and laborious investigations. You rent a remote house and hide for more than half a year.
The silver flower is fast, and you have to fuck the bank again, but your life is unfamiliar with your life. When you are anxious, you encounter the big nobleman who hits.
It turns out that when you were in Zezhou, I once introduced a few apprentices to a martial arts named Ren in Beijing. They were all local young masters, so I made a lot of wine. It was more than ten years ago.Thinking of Master REN in Taiyuan Mansion.You hurry up and say hello and ask the situation.
It turned out that Master Ren also had disciples in Taiyuan.Last year, the Eight -Power Allied Forces made a Beijing Division, burned the Yuanmingyuan, and disrupted the Forbidden City.His apprentice surname Liao is also a local businessman.You quickly ask him to help you refer to it, hoping to find some differences.Master Ren is really refreshing, and he takes you to the Liao family without asking you to invite wine.
Because you were introduced by Master REN, Liao's owner asked you to stay.You soon know that the Liao family is doing business with foreigners. There are a lot of money, and there are many other wealthy doors.Because your mouth is good, Most of Liao Laoban has made you do it. It will soon be promoted and salary, and it becomes a manager in the company.
At this time, you know that Master REN is responsible for Ren Manager at Liao Laoban's house. The status is not low, so I often visit him and understand some inside story. Liao Laoban seems to have a deep hostility for Zhao's family in Zezhou. I have always tried to find a wayDestroy Zhao's business.Now that the Zhao family has happened-Yi Zhao's wife was killed at the door of his satin shop. The murderer fled-of course you know the truth, but no matter who asked, you have never said it.
Soon the Zhao family's business began to decline because of the situation of the owner. You also married a wife in Taiyuan, and the incident of Gengzi was gradually forgotten by you.
The Liao family's business is getting better and better. Many foreigners often go out in the foreign museums of the Liao family. You have also followed a lot of oil and water. Of course, you have not forgotten to take care of your REN Master.Master REN has only one Nuer or Daugy. He often complains that Nuer or Daughter is married to a person who is full of stones in the world, named Yu Yichen, and follows his wind meal for hard work.They also have a son. Every year, the whole family came to Taiyuan Liao family to find the old man for a few days.You met them when you went to Liao's New Year.
By the time of the Xuantong period, Liao Laoban was even more offensive against the Zhao family, and even made a lot of false contracts to pit the agent of the Zhao family. These things did not seem to understand these things. Liao Laoban hid him.Later, Liao Laoban gave you a ren service, and let you prepare a gift for the Zhao family under the name of the general agent of the Beijing Mining Corporation. Once successful, the Zhao family can prepare for bankruptcy to sell their ancestors.
You spent two or three years of preparation, and you continue to visit the Zhao family's mining agent around the place. Liao Laoban uses silver to pass the joints.After three years of the Republic of China, this year, you finally made a big contract with the Zhao family's sale and selling mines, and wait for Zhao Wanlei to sign it on it, and then Liao Laoban asked the Zhao family's mining agent to withdraw at the same time. Once the Zhao family, the Zhao familyIt is impossible to complete the contract, and there is no sufficient silver to compensate you. Liao Laoban uses the new law of the Republic of China to let the Zhao family face bankruptcy and liquidation.
So after more than ten years, you return to his hometown as the general agent of Beijing Mineral Corporation, which was organized by the former Cabinet Prime Minister Lu Zhengxiang, a former Cabinet Prime Minister of the Republic of China., Prepare a formal visit to Zhao Wanlei, and complete the signature.
You came to Zezhou Prefecture and found that there was not a small change here. After finding it for a long time, I found an old acquaintance. The nickname Huazi Li or Skunk was bought and saved by a servant woman.You are now flying Huang Tengda, and generously invite the "Yue Laiju" in his city to eat. In fact, in order to inquire about the current situation of the Zhao family.
You heard that the government's affairs were not pursued. As soon as he was relieved, Huazi Li or Skunk was pinched with a piece of beef.You were taken aback, but didn't ask.
When you talk, you see a young man who came in to rent a house with luggage. At a glance, you recognized that he was the grandson of Master REN. When you were in the New Year the year before, you still gave him a red envelope, but he should not haven’t gone, but he should not haven’t.Recognize you, after all, there were a lot of guests in the Liao Family House at that time, and now you are completely different.In order to avoid extra things, you did not say hello to him.
Today's story
You hired a car to send you up the mountain early in the morning. When you came to the gate of the villa, although he was prepared, he was still scared by the Qiqi style. You can also see the world when you were in the Liaojia Mansion.Seeing it once: It is like a tall wall like a city wall, wrapped all the entire mountainside. I do n’t know how deep it is, and I can vaguely see Yuyu in the distance in the distance.The door of the red lacquer is two rows of Han white jade lions, with a total of twelve, all of which are Western European -style carvings. They have different shapes and lifelike. Each one is taller than the door of the government.On both sides are tall wooden electric poles. One person is surrounded by the thickness, every ten steps are one, and the black wire is connected from the county seat under the mountain to the villa.
You are a little nervous at this time. Will the Zhao family really be trapped? You are not as great as before.After you hand in the business card, someone will take you into the living room. On the way, passing through a garden, you also planted the flowers of four o'clock, the eight sections of the green grass, there are sycamores of the phoenix, and the 蕖 蕖 在 在 在 在 在 在 在Pond.
Your mood has not improved with the surrounding scenery, but is even more worried.
You have been sitting in the living room for a while, and the housekeeper Fang Shuangji has appeared late. He has no smile on his business partner, and he was shouted by the gang of the door for a while.
Then the head of the nursing home came to the living room and stared at you. You quickly greeted him, but the tone of his answer made you feel wrong. When you praised him, he did not react. You can feel him. You can feel him.There is obvious hostility in the expression.
The thing that scared you the most is the next, the person who brought in the housekeeper Fang Shuangji turned out to be the grandson of Master Ren, and introduced it to you, this person is his cousin ... this young man depends on you what you look at you.The eyes seem to have no intention, you are not sure if he recognizes you (Li Laoban should not tell Master REN), you can only be sure, it is definitely not a coincidence that he appeared here.
You foresee that this signature will not be as smooth as expected.
Others you already know
1. Zhao Wanlei: Master Zhao, you haven't met yet.
2. Feng Shuangji: The housekeeper of the villa is not enthusiastic about you. You heard that his wife also died in the bomb incident.
3. QI Yue: The head of the nursing home, Baoding, the army from the army, and the army, starting to stare at you since he entered the house. You think of Huazi Li or Skunk told you that Zhao family sent him to investigate some of the explosions of the year.What happened.
4. Yin Shaoming: The cousin of the housekeeper is also the grandson of Master REN.
5. You don't know others.
12:10 (living room) The greetings after meals
Do some simple understanding with you, inquire about what you want to know, don't cause doubts and alertness of others.
Afternoon activity
Except for clearing tables or clocks in the game, it is an estimated time, and there will be an error of about 10 minutes.
14:20.You can't wait any longer, and things are very unfavorable to you now.You have to quickly find Zhao Wanlei to sign the contract, and then leave this dangerous place.
14:50.You met Zhao Luoyi in the living room, and asked her father to wake up now?Zhao Luoyi said coldly to you: "He wakes up early, just waiting for you." This answer surprised you, the other person's tone was very bad, you quickly thanked, and asked where her father's room wasEssence
15:10.You took the contract in front of Zhao Wanlei's bedroom, trying to knock on the door, and took the initiative to say, "Guo Wangshan, how about Boss Zhao's body?" Wait a while, "I'm fine, I'm fine,Please come in. "You quickly pushed the door and saw Zhao Wanlei lying on the bed and facing you. As soon as you wanted to talk about the contract, Zhao Wanlei suddenly asked you:" SHUANG MIAN Hu, you are so brave,Dare to come to my house. "This was scared that you were almost kneeling on the ground, and then you immediately denied:" Master Zhao, we have never met, you recognize the wrong person. "Why don't you recognize it when the bomb is! "Zhao Wanlei's voice was very harsh.At this time, you know that everything has been revealed, and what contracts are you governing, and the heart is across the heart. Bulling him is a patient. He picked up the golden dragon knife from the table and pointed at him.Acknowledge you, the knife will not recognize you. "I did not expect that this Master Zhao sat up at this time.Put the quilt on your eyes, reached out and copied the pulse door of your knife with your knife, and farewell to your arms back. You did not expect that he was so powerful., I ate him with an iron knee on the back, which hurts your eyes and rushed to the ground with his back, and kneeling on the ground with your back. Then you know, what is sick, and you are waiting for you.IntersectionYou immediately brought out the housekeeping skills and shouted loudly: "Master Zhao, that's not me, I am also instructed by people!" "Who caused you?" "I don't recognize it, not the locals."You pay for him! "As soon as you heard his life, he suddenly changed from SHUANG MIAN Hu to a double -sided rat, and shouted:" Master Zhao, Master Zhao, I really don't know, now it is the Republic of China, it is the Republic of China, it is the Republic of China, it is the Republic of China.We have to do things according to the law, you can't open the criminal! "This sentence seemed to have some effects, Zhao Wanlei's strength was loose, and then he said," You go down and tell the housekeeper to the housekeeper.He took you to the gate of the gate. "After that, Zhao Wanlei released his hand and kicked you and said," Get! "You can go out without looking back.
15:30.If you run back to the guest room, you have to run away when you grab the luggage. Before you step out of the door, you see Qi Yue, the head of the nursing home, holding his arms and standing outside your door.Wait a minute. "Where dare you resist, let go of his luggage and follow him to the living room.
15:50.You hear that President Feng shouted loudly upstairs.You were brought upstairs by Qi Yue with a fast step. You saw that the female family members of the Zhao family were also there, the housekeeper said something to Qi Yue, and then you saw Qi Yue immediately draw a steel whip (fortunately, do n’t you be at the end of), A step forward, the whip fell, smashed the handle of the yellow pear and wooden door, and kicked the door away.You know that the machine must not be lost, turn around and run downstairs. This time you don't even care about your luggage, and you will go out towards the door. I didn't expect a person to stop you from the opposite side (the cousin of the housekeeper).You are also blocked here.After Qi Yue chased, you just saw his martial arts, and sat on the ground with one butt. Qi Yue pulled you up. Then, Feng Shuangji took the female relatives and went downstairs to let you go to the living room together.