Character story
Your real name is Lutai, a native of Zezhou. When he was a teenager, he liked to practice martial arts.In the year when foreign devils attacked Beijing City, there was a past pharmacy shop. Because of the cure of the dead, the defendant went to the official to lose the household property.When changing the cup, I constantly boast that you are bold and righteous. When the wine is hot, he suddenly asked you to do a big deal for him.You agree without even thinking.
After a meal, he found you alone, saying that there is a rich businessman in the local area to occupy the house of his house.Thanks for you.
Shuang Mian Hu took you to the door of a satin shop, saying that this is the business of his benefactor, and now he has been taken away. He wants you to help him explode here as revenge.Then he gave you twelve silver and a pack of new explosives, and also taught you how to use it.
Shuang Mian Hu told you to leave as soon as possible. You thought that although the owner of this shop was abominable, but the person in the shop could not be involved, and he found a note on the street.Drop here and let a child on the street be sent in.
It didn't take long for you to see the people inside came out, and the shopkeeper took the gang to the gate.If you roll in from the back wall of the shop, confirm that there are no one in it, and put the explosives on the counter, soak the fabric on the lead, turn it out according to the original road.Essence
I did not expect that two women wearing wealthy and rich, surrounded by several servants, and entered the shop from the front door. You couldn't stop them from stopping them at all.Several people were swallowed into pieces instantly.
This is the first time you have seen the power of the bomb, which is completely different from the expected. You originally thought it was a fire, and at most it was a few sounds like firecrackers-the crowd around him fled, but you were frustratedOn the spot, until a person who met you ran and pulled you away.
When you come back to God, you know that you have a big disaster, and you dare not return to the family.You participated in the army (where you learned the Baoding accent) when you were in Baoding, and renamed Yi to become Qi Yue.Later, Emperor Xuantong took the throne and amnesty to the world before you left the army and returned to his hometown.
The eight -year exile time has changed a lot. You have a beard, and your appearance and accent are different from before. When you return to Zezhou, there is only one long life lock worn on your body as that year.You are too big to break through, and many people have been implicated. Parents are arrested by the government and died in prison. The only sister was rested because she was too young and did not know where to go.SHUANG MIAN Hu also escaped.
You regret, but you can't change the ending.The tragedy of the year was reappeared countless times in your dream.
You want to find your sister, but when you escape, she is only two years old and can't even remember her appearance.At this time, you heard that the "Danshui Villa" on the outer corner of the city is recruiting martial arts nursing homes and went to apply.Because of the calm personality and the outstanding martial arts, and with the experience of participating in the army, you are recruited by the housekeeper Fang Shuangji. It has not been promoted as a nursing manager for a long time.Young nursing homes practice martial arts.You also stay in your hometown with peace of mind, hoping that the old age can become a memory.
But the wrong thing a person has done, no matter how long it will be like a shadow and cannot get rid of it.
You have developed a dumb habit in the fleeing years, and rarely communicate with others.When you were hired, you only knew that the owner of the villa was Zhao Wanlei, and only a few years later, he accidentally knew that Zhao Wanlei's wife died in the explosion.When you know, you are almost unstable.The person who tells you these things is the housekeeper Nuer or Daughterfeng Zhu. Her mother is also one of the victims of the year.Of course, she does not know that you are her enemies. In the villa, she rarely talks to others in addition to you.You almost fled at the time, but at that time you had already heard the whereabouts of some sisters.
Every time you get on vacation, you go down the mountain to the city to inquire about the news of Lu's family.Kung Fu is worthy of careless people, and finally let you know who sold your sister that year.In the 23rd year of Guangxu (1906), the court issued a law to ban the buying and selling population, but many places were violated.There is a name HUAZI Li or Skunk in Zezhou Prefecture, which is a middleman who is engaged in this kind of buying and selling.
It took you a long time to find Huazi Li or Skunk-your salary was spent on it, so you are often laughed at the back of the nurses, and rarely invite them to drink with them.After HUAZI Li or Skunk received your money, he recalled it for a long time before telling you that the girl was bought by the "Danshui Villa" head of FENG Shuangji and should be the girl -in -law of the Zhao family.
It turns out that your sister is under the same roof as you, you think you are far away, but you don't expect to be in front of you.You do n’t know how she is doing now, do you still remember that there is a big brother who has made a big mistake ... you want to find her immediately, but you are afraid, I do n’t know how to explain it to her.
You can work in the villa, secretly looking for the opportunity to investigate the situation of his sister. During this period, the steward of the housekeeper emphasized you. His Nuer or Daughter often comes to you, and you should be careful.
It didn't take long for you to narrow your goal. From the perspective of appearance and age, the most likely is the close girl of Zhao Luoyi Zhao Luoyi: zhao qiuer.But she rarely comes to talk to you, and the courtyard where the young lady lives is not what you can enter. To this end, you can only ask FENG ZHU to help you to find out-she is similar to Zhao Qiuer.Chat together.
But FENG ZHU didn't give you any anticipation answers. At this time, you realized that you might have entrusted the wrong person.
Later, the emperor of the Qing Dynasty abdicated, and the world became the Republic of China. For a while, the people scrambled to clap their hands and called each other. The access control in the villa was also loosely loose. You can even be the same as the young ladies.Eat on the table.But you still have no chance to talk to Qiu'er.
Two years later, the young lady of the Zhao family went to Shanghai to go to college. At this time, you had the opportunity to approach ZHao Qiuer, but she seemed to hide it intentionally. In addition, the master Zhao Wanlei was ill again.The inner house takes care of him, you have no chance to talk to her, you can only continue to wait patiently.
On this day, the housekeeper Fang Shuangji asked Zhao An (you know the housekeeper believed Ren, and often sent it to the south to do it) to find a lady in Shanghai to go home.EssenceA few days later, Zhao Luoyi, who was originally taken home, appeared alone at the gate of the villa, but the people who sent her disappeared.
At this time, you saw Zhao Qiuer going to ask for luggage with the lady. You plan to help in the past, but find that zhao Luoyi is empty. She explained that she came back by herself.Back to school, there was no luggage.
Today's story
Because Miss Zhao Luoyi is back, you know that today's lunch must be eaten together, and I came to the living room. I didn't see the housekeeper, but I saw a face that you could not forget for a lifetime.
Sitting in the living room and drinking tea, the man with the crown is exactly the Shuang Mian Hu. He just turned into gray and you recognized it.But he did not recognize you at all, and he stood very politely when he saw you coming in. He introduced himself named Guo Wangshan. He was a mineral businessman who came from Beijing to visit Master Zhao ...In the case, the scenes of the original scene emerged again. You want to break the face immediately, but you hold back. Before you find your sister, you must not let your past secret exposure.
You answered your name and position in his hands. He immediately praised the Tao. He heard that there was a martial arts in the villa with a high -strength and reliable nursing hospital.I ...
You can't listen to what he said at all. You just want to recognize with your sister as soon as possible and take her away from this place. The appearance of Shuang Mian Hu said that there was another accident that happened next.
Then you see the housekeeper walk in with a young man-when you see the young man's walking and standing posture, you know that he has worked hard.
At this time, Zhao Qiuer also came to the living room with a basket and whispered to the housekeeper. Then the housekeeper entertained you to eat together for dinner.
Others you already know
1. Zhao Wanlei: Master Zhao, the owner of the villa, does not know your past.
2. Zhao Wei: Zhao Wanlei's son, living in the yard behind the villa, rarely comes in front.
3. zhao Luoyi: Nuer or Daughter of Zhao Wanlei, which is very good for zhao Qiuer.
4. Zhao Qiuer: In the same year as your sister, there is a shadow of your mother, but if she is really your sister, how can you explain the past to her.
5. Feng Shuangji: The steward of the villa, believe Ren you.
6. FENG ZHU: Nuer or Daughter of the steward is close to your sister. I often came to chat with you before. After you asked her to ask Zhao Qiuer, she rarely came to you.
7. Yin Shaoming: The cousin of the housekeeper should be learned from a young age.
8. Guo Wangshan: The mineral merchant who claims to be in Beijing is actually a local broken doctor. At that time, the name of Shuang Mian Hu, instructed you to make a big mistake.
12:10 (living room) The greetings after meals
Do some simple understanding with you, inquire about what you want to know, don't cause doubts and alertness of others.

Afternoon activity
Except for clearing tables or clocks in the game, it is an estimated time, and there will be an error of about 10 minutes.
14:00.You want to recognize it with your sister and take her to leave here. Before leaving, I would like to remind Zhao Wanlei something about Guo Wangshan. This person is definitely unwilling to come here.So you come to the inner courtyard.
14:20.You met the housekeeper outside the housekeeper room. He asked you what happened to the inner courtyard. You wanted to tell him, but he was afraid that he was asked to ask more about it, and he said that something would tell the master.
14:30.The housekeeper Feng took you upstairs and knocked on the bedroom door of Zhao Wanlei. There was no movement in it. Then he said that the master was waking up at this time, let you wait at the door, and he went to open the door to open the door.
14:50.The housekeeper took the key to open the door, and saw no one in the room, and some fragments piled up in front of the bed.The housekeeper also stunned and said that the master might go out. He went to find it and asked you to wait in the room.Then he closed the door and left.
15:10.You heard someone knocking on the door outside and said, "GUO WANGShan, how about Boss Zhao's body?" You thought about it, turned over to bed, got into the quilt, face the wall, face the door, use local accents, use local accents,, Improved Zhao Wanlei's tone: "I'm fine, please come in." When Guo Wangshan came in, you continued to imitate Zhao Wanlei's voice and said, "SHUANG MIAN Hu, you are so brave, dare to come to my house."Guo Wangshan immediately explained: "Master Zhao, we have never met, you have recognized the wrong person."Take out a golden dragon knife, pointing at you, trembling and saying, "Master Zhao, let's say one, I recognize you, the knife will not recognize you." You turn over, pick up the quilt towards him, stretch your left hand to hold his hand and hold your hand to hold his hand and hold on his left hand to hold him.He took the pulse door of the knife, turned back back, and the knife fell off. You knew his knees with his waist and eyes, and immediately let him knelt in Yue Fei, and kneeled in front of you with a sound.He shouted like killing pigs: "Master Zhao, that's not me, I am also instructed by others!" "Who caused you?" "I don't recognize it, not the locals." "Then you pay for himLet ’s listen to you, Shuang Mian Hu was scared to be a double -sided mouse, and he wanted to scratch his head and caught it because of your arms.I do n’t know, it ’s the Republic of China. We have to do things according to law. You ca n’t be criminal!” You did n’t think about killing this person. His grievances with the Zhao family should be handed over to the Zhao family to handle it.You ordered him: "You go down and tell the house to the housekeeper, let him take you to the gate." After speaking, he kicked and shouted.When I saw Guo Wangshan running out of life, I didn't dare to return.
15:30.You followed Guo Wangshan to go downstairs, watching him go back to the guest room to clean up, and you stood outside his door with his arms and said, "General Feng, see you, please go to the living room to wait." He put down his luggage immediately, he immediately put down his luggage,Follow you to the living room honestly.
15:50.You hear that President Feng shouted loudly upstairs.Just rushed upstairs with Guo Wangshan, and you saw Zhao Luoyi and Zhao Qiuer.The housekeeper Feng said that after he was unlocked, he found that the door could not be opened.You signaled him back, then pulled out the steel whip with a portable belt, stepped forward a step forward, his hands were fell, and the handle of the yellow pear and wooden door was scarce. I felt that someone was facing the door, so I kicked the door and kicked the door and kicked the door.open.When you rushed into the house, I saw Master Zhao's body on the bed, and the chest was inserted with the knife that Gu Wangshan just took down. The face was stiff, and it was already weak.If you see the window still open, just walk over and see the height below, knowing that it is impossible for anyone to jump down and it is safe.Then you turned out and found that Guo Wangshan ran downstairs.You quickly chased down and saw Guin Shaoming, who was in the door at the door, blocked at the gate.He turned back to see you chased and sat on the ground all of a sudden.You pulled him up in the past. At this time, the housekeeper Feng took two girls and went downstairs to let you go to the living room.