Character story
Yin Shaoming is not your real name.
Your father's name is Yu Beichen, a geological scholar who stayed in Britain (in the Wuxi year, he gave up his scientific research and changed his geology).Your mother's family name is Ren, who is a family of medical practice.When I was a kid, you and your mother lived in the grandfather's house. It was not until your grandfather was hired to Taiyuan, and you accompanied your father to your father because you often moved your work.In the influence of them, you have a little knowledge of the customs and medicines of various places, and you have been practicing from a young age and foreign schools.
Earlier, you were invited to Suzhou by a friend, where you have experienced an extraordinary week.After that, you take a boat to Hankou, and then take the Beijing -Han Railway (Hankou 1 Beijing) to go north.There is a station in Zhengzhou, Henan, and transferred to each other with the Longhai Railway (Xuzhou-Luoyang). Several people who transfer to the car have attracted your attention.
You see three men, helping a woman wearing a black veil got on the car and sitting down in a seat not far from you.They let the woman lean in the seat near the window, put a few suitcases under the seat, one of them took out a small thing from the luggage and put it in the pocket in hand, and then he carefully locked a small box with caution.Hug in his arms.After the train started, the wind outside the window blew the veil of the woman. You see a young and clear face, with tight eyes, faint, and weakly relying there.
You were moved by this shock-you also saw that she was controlled.
You have taken this train before, knowing that there is a long tunnel in front, you hold your luggage in advance, lower the brim, and approach them.Suddenly it was dark in the car, and you hit it in the arms of the person holding the box. He immediately reached out and pushed you. As you shook himself, he reached into his pocket.The stuffed things immediately hooked it in the palm of your hand and fell backwards.Then got up and quickly walked out of this carriage.
You opened your hand in another carriage: there is a small bottle sticking to the Western prescription in your hand. There is also a handwritten Arabic numeral "5", which contains some pills.In contrast, you can see that this is a drug that helps sleep.You are more sure that they kidnapped the woman and took her to sleep. One of them might want to continue to take her before taking this medicine.
You think of a good idea.You take out all the pills into powder, hold it in your hands, return to the original carriage, and watch those people in the distance.It didn't take long for them to take out dry food and eat, and a person also pulled out the kettle and unscrewed the lid.If you see the opportunity to go, you have to push your head out of the window of their seats. Immediately one person reached out to stop you. His response and movements are very fast, but their attention is still attracted by your behavior. I don’t pay attention to you.The powder of the palm of the palm was sprinkled into the kettle.
Then you explained a few reasons to see the scenery, and returned to your seat.Soon they drank the water in the pot and had full food, and they fell asleep soon.In the past, you pretended to talk to them, and pushed the people who held the box several times, and even took the box in his hand. He did not respond.You squeeze from him and hold the woman out.People in the box do not know your relationship, and no one has asked.
You didn't stay, put the woman's hands on your shoulders, holding your luggage and small boxes with one hand, holding her with one hand, and walking into a farther carriage, wait for the next stop to get off the next stop-as for those threePersonally, you guess you can wake up in Beijing.
You found a hotel near the station. After bringing a woman into the house, he woke her up with a Chinese medicine acupoint. I did not expect that she just gave you a slap as soon as she woke up.If you are unprepared, you are beaten to Venus.
Fortunately, she did not call for help. After you explained it, she told you that her name was zhao Luoyi. It was Nuer or DauGhter, a wealthy businessman Zhao Wanlei in Zazhou Prefecture. I hope you can send her home.According to your grandfather's experience, you have taught you from a young age. When things do not fully understand, you report to a fake name of Yin Shaoming.
After that, you have dinner in the room and chatted with many things, such as your travel, and the national events at the moment, the world situation, she listened very seriously, sometimes refuted you, and then she told you some of herThe situation in the family and the vision in Shanghai.You find that she is very opinionated, and you don't want you to be as weak as you think, and it is pitiful.
After dark, you asked for a room next door and told her to shout if there was a situation.After nothing overnight, you took the train the next day and got off at Zezhou Station. She hired a carriage with a carriage (then you found that Zhao Luoyi had a lot of cash with you).You came to the "Danshui Villa" on the outside of the city.
You were surprised to look at the mansion in front of you.
The tall walls of the city walls are built on the mountain, wrapped all the entire mountainside, and I do n’t know how deep it is, and it can be faintly seen in the distance Yuyu in the distance.The door of the red lacquer is two rows of Han white jade lions, with a total of twelve, all of which are Western European -style carvings. They have different shapes and lifelike. Each one is taller than the door of the government.On both sides are tall wooden electric poles. One person is surrounded by the thickness, every ten steps are one, and the black wire is connected from the county seat under the mountain to the villa.
Zhao Luoyi was a little embarrassed at this time, as if he didn't appreciate this style.Then she told you that there may be an emergency at home, so I won't invite you to go in-this is what you didn't expect, you had to say goodbye to her.
Zhao Luoyi paid for the carriage to take you back to Zezhou and gave a lot of tips.The carriage gradually drifted away under her watch.The scenery on the mountain road is picturesque, but you have no intention of appreciating.When the carriage stopped to rest, you suddenly remembered that you took a box.In the compartment, you pry open the lock of the box with a tool knife with a band, there is only one letter and a wolf head buckle inside.There are two horses on the envelope. You carefully dismantle the envelope and see a letter without a payment:
Brother Feng, Mr. Feng Qiqi:
What is the recent situation, I think it is thought.The insiders have instructed the preparation of the hats to be prepared, and signed the loading box.There is no huge thing and no difference. You can pay two or three crushed silver and cargo dealers.
After reading it, I remembered that yesterday, Zhao Luoyi told you that the name of the housekeeper in her house is Fang Shuangji. This letter is enough to prove that he has something to do with those kidnappers, but how can I tell Zhao Luoyi about this, she told you to leave you to leaveI definitely know something.You started to regret talking a lot yesterday, just forget this box.
At this time, you want to come up with a bold idea. You can pretend to be a letter and go directly to meet with Fang Shuangji. As long as you can take the opportunity to enter the high wall, you must have a way to help her.
After you go down the mountain, find a hotel called "Yue Laiju", and let the children buy it for you, imitate the original style in the guest room to paint the envelope, I am confident that there is not much difference, and the letter will be packed.Essence
Today's story
About around 10:00 this morning, you came to the door of the "Danshui Villa" and told the servant to see the housekeeper to find the housekeeper Fang Shuangji.It didn't take long after he went in to report, a middle-aged man walked out of the door, gray-white hair, thin body, wearing a light gray and clear robe, light footsteps-your grandfather is now hired in Taiyuan to hold ren in Taiyuan.Similar positions, so you don't think that in the world now, there is no strangeness in the martial arts managing people in the house.
After simple greetings, you hand over the box to him. After he opened the box, he did not read the letter immediately. Instead, he looked at you. You had a preparation, and said mysteriously: "If things come out suddenly, let me send a letter. Please FengSir, no wonder, naturally understand after reading the letter. "
Fang Shuangji nodded, and seemed to have no doubt that after he included his letter and buttons, he invited you to enter the house.You follow this person, obviously the other party did not look back, and you still feel a feeling of being stared at by him, very uncomfortable.
At this time you saw Zhao Luoyi under a sycamore tree in the garden.
She was shocked when she saw you, and stopped talking (you saw her expression like this, a little heartbroken).Feng Shuangji immediately walked over to explain to her, saying that you are his cousin, named Yin Shaoming, from Lu Anlai, because his hometown was flooded and came here to go to him.You nodded immediately, and then said coldly to you again: "This is the young lady of this villa, noble people, don't disturb her, she is different from your identity."
After that, Feng Shuangji took you to the room from the side door to put the luggage after the room, and take you to the living room for dinner.You saw several raw faces, but you didn't see the owner of the villa.
Others you already know
1. Zhao Wanlei: The owner of the villa, the father of zhao Luoyi, you have not seen it yet.
2. zhao Luoyi: The purpose of your coming here is to tell her what she knows, and to figure out the truth she was abducted. If she has trouble, you will find a way to help her.
3. Feng Shuangji: The steward of the Zhao family is also the goal of you to investigate. At the same time, he arranged you a cousin's relationship to take you into the villa, so you also have to play this identity.
4. Guo Wangshan: You just feel a little familiar, but you dare not see if you have seen it.
5. You don't know others.
12:10 (living room) The greetings at lunch

Your afternoon event
Except for clearing tables or clocks in the game, it is an estimated time, and there will be an error of about 10 minutes.
14:00.You want to find zhao Luoyi to talk.Because she didn't know she lived there, she was looking for in the house.
14:20.You met Zhao Luoyi, who was angry at the staircase on the second floor, and asked you at the front and asked: "Did you see Zhao Qiuer?" You shook his head, and she walked away from you, and then walked away, and then she walked away.He turned back to you: "Don't follow me."
14:30.Looking at her anger, she left, curious about what happened upstairs, and went upstairs to the door of Zhao Wanlei's bedroom. I opened a seam and opened the door. There was no one in it.You see a lot of fragments on the ground, and there is a red trace on the side of the bed.You locked the door and walked over, seeing it was a piece of no dry blood.You feel bad, and immediately block the blood with fragments (you are afraid of this matter with zhao Luoyi), and want to go to zhao Luoyi to ask clearly.At this time, some people knocked on the door, and some were talking outside.
14:40.The person who knocked on the door was outside, you dare not go out.After a while, someone took the key to unlock, and you quickly hid in the closet behind the bed.As soon as you closed the door of the cabinet, I heard someone opened the door.
15:10.Someone knocked on the door, and then the person in the room (listening to the kiss Zhao Wanlei) asked the knocking person to come in.They didn't say a few words, so they heard someone wet the voice, and shouted that Master Zhao was forgiven. You are curious, open the door of the cabinet, see a person kicked out of the door, and a person quickly walked out.EssenceAs soon as you want to follow them, you see a person drilling out under the bed, like a girl. She didn't look back at you, and after picking up something, she also walked out and closed the door.
15:20.You came out of the closet and saw the quilt thrown on the ground, and there was a golden dragon knife on the ground.Then the door opened at the door, and you immediately hid back.Then you hear some movements in the house, but no one speaks.After that, the door was closed again.
15:40.If you can't hear Ren sound, you come out of the closet. When you see a middle -aged man lying on the bed, his face is stiff, and a knife is inserted in his chest.Even if you are more courageous than others, you are scared.At this time you heard a rush knock.If you say it is not good, this is to be seen by people, that is, jumping into the Yellow River is unclear.You quickly copied the chair to hold the door, and then ran over when you saw the window. There was actually a suitable ladder on the outside.If you don't have time to think, turn down from the window to the ladder, three steps and two steps from the ladder. After landing, no one, immediately move the ladder and hide in the nearby trees, and then walk in front of the mansion.
15:50.When you see Guo Wangshan coming out of the mansion, you welcomed it. Guo Wangshan saw you sit on the ground with a paralyzed butt, followed Qi Yue, and pulled him up.Then, Feng Shuangji walked downstairs with Zhao Luoyi and Zhao Qiuer to let you go to the living room together.