Character story
The name of this name Zhao Luoyi gave you. You were given to her by the housekeeper as a birthday gift. Her love for you is just like her dolls she bought from foreign goods stores.It's just a fun game.
You thank her very much to teach you these. If she hadn't pulled you to literacy and reading together, you would not have such a clear self -awareness at all.You have no memory of what kind of life you used to be, because when you were sold to the Zhao family, the age was very small. The only thing that contacted you was a long -life lock on your body. You used to believe that if you are in the world in the worldThere are also loved ones, then he will definitely find you based on this, but then you find that the style and material of this long -life lock can be bought on the street.
Your identity in Zhao's "Danshui Villa" is the personal girl of Miss Zhao Luoyi. No matter how Zhao Luoyi educates you, you remember your position firmly.
There are many people in the villa. You don't know all, because you and the lady are living in the inner courtyard of the villa. There are few people from the fields in the hospital. You occasionally go out with the lady, or go to the back yard to visit the young master Zhao Wei.The lady was afraid of him, saying that he had a terrible illness, and he said crazy as soon as he was excited. She was going to take medicine immediately-but she could always stimulate the emotions of the young master, and then he was afraid to pull you away.I think she doesn't look at him but it is better.
Zhao Luoyi is not much older than you. I always discuss a lot of things you do n’t understand with you. For you, the whole world is inside and outside the villa.Later, the lady allowed people in the outer courtyard of the villa to come in in the inner courtyard, and also ate with the owners in the living room.So you see a terrible person like Qi Yue. He is the head of the nursing house hired by the housekeeper. He looks very fierce. After coming in, you secretly look at you-fortunately, this kind of thing does not happen often. Everyone just coaxes the young lady.I'm happy, after the lady went to study outside, she continued to live in accordance with the old rules.
The night when the lady left, the master pulled the housekeeper Fang Shuangji to drink in his room. When you took care of them, he saw the housekeeper lying on the table and sleeping, and the master was still drinking.You used to fill the wine for the master, at which time you saw him crying.You were startled, he asked you, "You and the lady are the most familiar, you said, why should she go to such a far place?"
You are nervous, you can only keep shaking your head, and then the master laughed, but the laughter was not happy, more like it pretended.You boldly comforted him and said, "Miss wants to see the outside world ..."
The master asked again, "Do you want to see it too?"
You quickly answered: "I don't want to."
The master stood up, and you said gently in your ears, "Are you willing to stay with me?"
Your face is about to get angry, and nothing can be answered.
At this time, the master kissed your hot cheek.You are going to burn.
Just when you thought the master would do next, he asked you back to you: "Do you know why I want to cover such a villa?"
You shook your head blankly, and I don't know if the master can see it.
Zhao Wanlei continued to talk about himself: "When I was young, I like to play everywhere. Maybe Luo Yi is the most like me. The wife at home can only keep waiting for me to come back. I once stayed outside for too long.Knowing that the person who is anxious to wait for me to go home is her. My father was furious by me, but she didn't blame me and was still so gentle to me ... I covered this villa, just want to give her the world in the worldEverything is the best, but I can't help but run out. I always feel that there will be time in the future that time can be with her ... "You know that his wife died more than ten years ago.Marry again.
Speaking of this, Zhao Wanlei turned around and lifted up the drunk housekeeper. You hurried over to help. He continued: "I'm actually very happy. There is a good wife and a good brother.Support me, but I am sorry for them, always hurting them disappointment ... "
The master and you sent the housekeeper to the bed in his room. Nuer or Daughterfeng Zhu, the housekeeper, looked at the drunk father in surprise, and then the master said to her, "I sent him back, and he should practice wine."After speaking, take you out.
The wind on the mountain was a little cold, and Zhao Wanlei took off the robe and put it directly on your head: "Go and walk around the lake." You nodded, and the face was finally not so hot.
You are by the lake. Zhao Wanlei talked to you a lot of things and kept teasing you. You have never been so happy. Then you took a boat to the middle of the pond to enjoy the moon. He picked a lotus flower to send you.
The next day, Zhao Wanlei fell ill and you take care of him.When you see him frowning, you keep comforting him, and then he laughs, and you feel happy from your heart.You can do Ren, as long as you can make him happy.The only thing you worry about is to let the young lady know what will look at you after this. You know zhao Luoyi who looks down on those women around her father.
One day, you met the young master in the yard. He rarely asked you the situation of the master, and then suddenly silent, and you were afraid to leave quickly.What you are most afraid of in this family is the housekeeper Feng Shuangji. He is very strict with you and will not ask you how you feel. It can be said that he symbolizes the rules of the villa.In addition, his Nuer or Daughterfeng zhu is about the same age as you, but rarely talks to you, and sometimes ignores you.
Just yesterday, the young lady returned alone. When you followed the housekeeper to welcome her, she found that she didn't even bring her luggage. She explained that she was back.If you want to return to school, there is no luggage.
After you go back to the house to prepare hot water and clean clothes, wait for her to bathe and change clothes, and then she pulls you to bed together to tell you about her vision in Shanghai, and her school life, until late.
Today's story
You get up early today, prepare hot water and washing items, wait for Zhao Luoyi to wait for her to wash and dress after getting up, and then come early. She pulled you to accompany her to eat a little bit and go to see the master together.When you arrived at Zhao Wanlei's bedroom, he saw that the steward was there, and he told you that the master had just slept.Zhao Luoyi waited for a while in bed, and asked you to go to her room to find her "Paris Camellia Women's Remits". After a while, she would send it to the Wutong Garden with the refreshment. She would tell you the story.
You pressed her instructions, first went to her room to find a book, and then went to the kitchen to get a snack.At this time, Auntie Li (the person brought by his wife's house) told you that this year's Lu Angua film was here, and the Wu shopkeeper in the mountain shop was brought back when he went there. This yearSweet, hurry up and taste a pot of lady.
You carefully soaked the tea, took a few new sesame cakes and cakes, and put them in the basket together.When you came to Wutong Garden, I didn't see Zhao Luoyi, and you didn't see her everywhere in the garden.
You can only pick up the basket and go back to the room to find her. When you pass the living room door, you can see a stranger in the house. You think it should be the guests of the villa today.
When you came to the bedroom of the master, gently opened the door, and saw that Zhao Wanlei was awake at this time. When he saw you, he greeted you in, and then said to you, "You will go to Shuangzhang for a while.No one can see anyone, just wait for me to call me again in the afternoon ... ""
You originally wanted to tell him that the lady was back, but it was really tired to see him, so he didn't say anything. He went to the living room to notify the housekeeper.
After that, you found her in Zhao Luoyi's room. She seemed to think of you to let you prepare for the refreshment, and then she pulled you to accompany her to the living room for dinner.drink.
Others you already know
1. Zhao Wanlei: The owner of the villa, the father of Zhao Luoyi, you care about him very much.
2. zhao Luoyi: Zhao Wanlei Nuer or Daughter, Miss Zhao, grew up with you, gives you a name, teach you literacy, and it is good for you.
3. Zhao Wei: Zhao Luoyi's brother, Master Zhao, you haven’t touched it much.
4. FENG SHUANGJI: The steward of the Zhao family is severe, and you dare not violate his words.
5. FENG ZHU: Nuer or Daughter of the housekeeper is almost the same as you, not close to you.
6. QI Yue: The head of the nursing home, Baoding, you are a little afraid of him.
7. You don't know others.


Afternoon activity
Except for clearing tables or clocks in the game, it is an estimated time, and there will be an error of about 10 minutes.
13:10.When you think that the master hasn't eaten yet, he is carrying the packet of the pastry to the house.Zhao Wanlei is very happy to see you, let you close the door, and then ask you to eat it?When you nodded and said that he had a regretful expression, you quickly said that you didn't have enough to eat, he laughed, pulled you to the bed, and said that he would eat you first.Then you hear the knock on the door.
13:20.Zhao Wanlei asked who it was, and answered outside the housekeeper's voice.You are immediately ashamed and afraid, and you can't wait to find a sewing to drill down.Zhao Wanlei said in your ear: "What are you afraid of, I tell him, he wants to congratulate you." You listened to shaking his head hard, he said, "Then you can only hide under the bed."If you think about it, you can open the sheets hanging to the ground and get into it.Later, you only heard that the butler and Zhao Wanlei discussed the signature. When Zhao Wanlei finished taking the medicine housekeeper, he went out.
13:50.You got out of the bed, and there was a lot of sweat on your head. Zhao Wanlei leaned to you while rubbing your sweat. You hid your head in your arms and dare not look at him.... "You haven't finished saying it, someone knocked on the door outside, and the voice shouted very crispy:" Dad, are you awake? "Of course you can hear it is zhao Luoyi's voice. At this timeYou immediately hid back to the bed.
14:00.When you hear the master told the lady that you want to marry you, the lady fell angrily and throwing it out to go out. You are shy and worried, and you dare not come out even at the atmosphere.You heard the master on the bed seemed to get out of bed, and after a while, he walked around the room again. He didn't call you out, and you didn't dare to move.
14:30.You heard someone knocked on the door and didn't dare to speak out.After a while you hear someone coming in.You dare not come out if you don't know the situation in the house.
15:10.Someone knocked on the door outside, and then the master seemed to return to the bed and asked the other party to come in.You vaguely heard that they mentioned the name of shuang Mian Hu, and the people on the bed shaking hard, and a lot of gray soil was dropped under the bed.arrive.Then you hear the voice of an outsider in the room shouting that Master Zhao was forgiving.There is also a roll!Like the voice of the master.At this time, you climbed out of the bed and saw that the door was open. If there was no one in the room, he picked up the basket on the ground and went out and closed the door from the outside.
15:30.You returned to the door of the lady, but dare not go in. I don't know what to say to her. Now I am dirty and hot, and I am embarrassed. At this time, you see Zhao Luoyi coming towards you.A sour, rushing to her arms and crying.Zhao Luoyi also grabbed you, it seemed not to be angry.
15:50.Zhao Luoyi asked you to go back to the house to wash your face, and then take you upstairs again.Zhao Luoyi knocked on the door outside the old house but no one responded. At this time, the steward Feng also came up. Zhao Luoyi asked him to open the door.When people came up, the housekeeper finished telling him, Qi Yue immediately pulled out the steel whip with a portable belt, a step forward, the whip fell, smashed the handle of the yellow pear and wooden door, kicked the door away, rushed in inEssenceWhen he came out, the housekeeper went in.You just wanted to ask what happened to Qi Yue, he went downstairs quickly.After the housekeeper came out, he took Zhao Luoyi and went to the living room with you.