Character story
The name Zhao Wei is your pseudonym in the folk. It is used to hide people's eyes. Your real surname is Aixinjue Luo. Your biological father is Emperor Guangxu. You are the orthodox heirs of the Qing Dynasty.Start with the Sino -Japanese War of 20 years (1894) in the 20th year of Guangxu.
That year was the most favored year for your mother, YU Fei. The emperor was fortunate several times. She was also a good thing to be pregnant. It was originally a great thing that was celebrated.And fly to the scourge.
At that time, the sixty birthday of the Empress Dowager was still for a while. Prince Eylin misappropriated the Navy's military expenses. The Summer Palace was used as a He Shou. As soon as this matter was proposed, it was opposed by many people.Brother, Shi Shi, the Chinese army, the right camp of the Chinese army, Li Shuxun, who protects the cruiser Ji Yuan Guan.Later, he lost in the Yellow Sea World War I and was in Fa -rectification in Lushun.This incident came to the Beijing Division, and many people felt quite strange, and Yu Fei asked the emperor to apply for injustice.
At that time, because the emperor loved YU Fei, he immediately went to the Western Palace to ask. Maybe the young and vibrant words collided the Queen Mother.Crime, if it wasn't for a pregnant dragon species, I am afraid that life would be difficult to protect on the spot.
Emperor Guangxu's queen also came from Yehenra, the daughter of the queen mother, and was not pregnant at the time.The emperor was afraid that the queen mother would harm YU Fei mother and son to protect her niece's position, and secretly recruited two large inside relative guards, carried the emperor's hands and Jinlongbao knives, and thousands of gold, secretly sent Yu Fe to the palace, and went to Shanxi to place it in orderlife.
These two guards are now as your father's villa owner Zhao Wanlei and housekeeper Fang Shuangji.They are also natives of Zezhou Prefecture. They have taken root here and their surnames are waiting for the emperor.I didn't expect Zhao Wanlei to face the beauty of the beast, and the beauty of YU Fei. Shortly after you were born, he married her and claimed that he was a wife of his fingertips, named Li Yu, and was married from Taiyuan.
Although FENG Shuangji strongly opposed it, he was unable to return to heaven. The martial arts divisions of the two came out of the same door. Zhao Wanlei was a brother. Previously, in the Forbidden City, FENG SHUANGJI was also the deputy of Zhao Wanlei, so he could only protect your safety.Sure enough, Zhao Wanlei is afraid that in the future, he gave birth to a NUER or DauGhter for him, which is your sister Zhao Luoyi, and the accident killed Yu Fei by accident, and even the bones were crushed.
You still remember this matter.
After that, FENG Shuangji often came to visit you. With him, Zhao Wanlei did not dare to do anything to you, and Fang Shuangji also made you pretend not to know the cause of this, so as not to cause the calamity.You spend it in hatred and pain in your youth. At that time, you were often sick. Thanks to Fang Shuangji, you invited a former imperial doctor named Zhang to prescribe the medicine of thousands of money to save your lives.
Your sister Zhao Luoyi often came to see you when he was a child. As he grew up, she became more and more alienated. You know that all this was in the secret instructions of Zhao Wanlei, You can sink for his mother Zhao Xue.
You are very concerned about the Jinlongbao knife, Zhao Wanlei hangs it in your own bedroom. Once you have to get back the sword, Zhao Wanlei is furious to you. You warn that you will kill him with this knife sooner or later. ThenThanks to FENG Shuangji to protect you.Later, Feng Shuangji persuaded you to cut the braids, and you see that they were cut off, and it was done.
Although you are restrained, as soon as you see Zhao Wanlei's false appearance, the hatred of your mother will break through your rationality. After anger, you can only rely on increasing the amount of medication to maintain rationality.
Your efficacy of this medicine is also increasingly doubtful, because if you do n’t take it for a while, you will be uncomfortable. You must take it immediately to relieve it.And you know, in fact, you don't need to take medicine anymore, but you can't do without it.This must be the conspiracy of Zhao Wanlei, and you must find a way to save yourself.
One day, you heard that Zhao Wanlei was sick, and came to the inner courtyard by visiting the name of visiting (you live in the backyard of the villa, and your home servant gave you food. You did not leave the villa.Zhao Luoyi's close -fitting girl Zhao Qiuer inquired about Zhao Wanlei's condition, and then came up with a plan.
You know that the thing to see Zhao Wanlei is also the zhang Yuyi or Imperial Physician zhang. He prescribed the medicine and brought it in a small bottle, with a mark on it, but it is generally not different.He usually gives you a batch of good potions for two months, which is enough for you to take it during this time.
While he came this time, he asked him about the situation of Zhao Wanlei. He answered that it was just a general cold, just take the medicine to rest. You let him take you to see the medicine that treats the cold, and he took a bottle for you.The bottle taken is almost the same, but it is painted with different tags on it.
You want to come up with a plan for a raccoon cat to change the prince, ready to let Zhao Wanlei taste the medicine prepared for you.
Because ZHAO WANLEI lives on a high on the second floor, you go to the warehouse to find a high ladder, usually hidden in your own courtyard, wait for one night, you will take the ladder to the building where Zhao Wanlei lives with the ladder.Instead, he climbed into his window with a ladder and saw that he was asleep, and he fell off his medicine with him, and then he took the ladder back to his yard unconsciously.Waiting to see if Zhao Wanlei will be like you, it is inseparable from these medicines.
Yesterday, your sister Zhao Luoyi suddenly came to the backyard to see you, you are actually very happy.I didn't expect her to tell you that the Qing emperor had abdicated ... This is no less than a clear thunderbolt. You can't believe your ears. Then she also said that it is three years in the Republic of China. You are immediately excited.Everything in front of you is upside down. At this time, the first thing you think of is your own medicine, and you do n’t pay attention to when Zhao Luoyi leaves, just care about finding medicine.
When you pour the medicine into your mouth, you find that this is the last bottle. The rest, you exchange it to Zhao Wanlei.Zhao Wanlei has not showed any signs, but you find that you are the medicine basket that cannot be separated from the medicine.There is still a month from ZHANG YUYI or Imperial Physician Zhang. You ca n’t take it for so long, and you can persist until tomorrow afternoon.It seems that you have to find a way to take the medicine back ...
Today's story
You rarely came to the hall during lunch in order to confirm the situation of Zhao Wanlei. As a result, you did n’t see him. Many people in front of you did n’t know much. Only the housekeeper Fang Shuangji was the only person who believed in Ren.
You need some time to rectify your thoughts and understand what age is now, and then find a way to get back your medicine.
Others you already know
1. Zhao Wanlei: The owner of the villa, one of your mother's original guard.It's also your enemy.
2. zhao Luoyi: Your sister of your mother is like an outsider, not close to you.
3. Feng Shuangji: The steward of the Zhao family, one of your mother's original guards.You are the only person who believes in Ren.He has been protecting you and concealing your identity for you.
4. zhao Qiuer: Your sister's close -fitting girl, have you seen it a few times.
5. You don't know others at all.
12:10 (living room) The greetings after meals
Do some simple understanding with you, inquire about what you want to know, don't cause doubts and alertness of others.

14:00.You moved from the backyard to the ladder. This is the second time you have done such a thing. There is a little experience. Although it is during the day, you are sure no one can see it.
14:10.You climbed up the ladder, and first looked at the bedroom of Zhao Wanlei. No one, you boldly rolled in, walked to the bed, and took all the medicines on the Zhao Wanlei table.Seeing the Golden Dragon Knife of Yuci, he hung on the wall of his room. You picked it down, pulled out the knife, and put the scabbard on the cabinet next to him.You waved his knife, and seemed to see Zhao Wanlei being killed by you in front of you. At this time, when you heard the sound in the toilet next to the room, you quickly put down the knife and returned to the window to climb down the ladder.
14:20.When you hear someone talking next to the house, before he had time to collect the ladder, he walked back to your backyard with the medicine.
16:00.The housekeeper of the housekeeper of Feng asked you to go to the living room for her father. There are important things you need to attend.