Character story
You are the daughter of Zhao Wanlei, a wealthy businessman of Zezhou Prefecture, but you are never a young lady who is a beautiful gold.
You have not received much traditional education since childhood. On the one hand, you are your young mourning mother (Zhao Men Li Shi). No one has too much discipline to you. On the other hand, the outside world is changing.You have the bottom of your heart and hope to do something different-for example, you can let the people in the family do not kneel, and arrange the butler and nursing homes to eat with you in the living room-of course, not everyone comes, generally not all people come. GenerallyThat is, Fang Shuangji and FENG ZHU and Qi Yue.
You don't like the customs of your hometown. For example, your birthday is 22 years of Guangxu and February 24th of the lunar calendar, and you remember it on April 6, 1896.At the University of John (the University of St. John, the School of Literature, Journalism, because the university does not recruit girls, you are not a formal student), you do n’t go home during the holidays. He stays in Shanghai and organizes several girls to compete to the community to promote the equal rights of men and women.You break into a hidden villa in a murderer during an event. When the police arrived, you were also taken away-after you explained clearly, he was taken to a very clean single-person room.
At home, Zhao An was sent with two people to pick you up home.The person who gave you to them also gave a small box to Zhao An and told him a few words.They sent you back to college to clean up their luggage and took you on the train.
You take the Shanghai-Nanjing Railway (Shanghai-Nanjing) to Nanjing to transfer to the Jinpu Railway (Nanjing No. 1 Tianjin), and get off at Xuzhou in the middle of the road to exchange the Longhai Railway (Luoyang-Xuzhou) to Henan.Only a Beijing -Han Railway (Hankou 1 Beijing) can only be home.
The journey for a few days makes you very tired. You rarely communicate. Of course, they are honest with your requirements (except for a while you want to get off the bus halfway).
You can't remember where to stand, anyway, as long as you get on the train, you are sleepy (sleeping is more interesting than sitting in a slow carriage and facing three stuffy gourds).
In the dream, you suddenly felt a tingling, barely opened your eyes, and saw that a person was covered on your mouth with his hand. You were surprised, and gave him a loud slap.It hurts.The man covered his face and hid aside, and stared at you with wide eyes-he was a young man who was similar to you.
You find that you are in the bed in a small room (it looks like a hotel). There are only you two in the room. You did not say anything, so you are calm, but you are in your heart.
That young man said he was called Yin Shaoming (hidden the name of the young master?), Saw you being abducted (when? There is a bodyguard on the train), and then saved you (really?), I don’t know who you are.(Is this a new type of conversation?).
You don't know how many lie in these words, but you still tell him your name and identity honestly, and tentatively ask him if he can send you home.What do you want to do.Then he Zhang Luo came to a table of meals, and you were hungry, so he dinner with him and listened to his various chats.You originally intended to obey what he meant first, and then planned to make a figure, but listened to him that there were too many ideas with you, you couldn't help but interrupted and refuted him.
He was surprised and accepted your point-from this aspect, he was not like a bad guy.
After dark, he rented your room next door and told you that he would call him out.After he left, you quickly checked the things on your body, the clothes were not passive, and the money in the wallet was not less-you even doubt what the purpose of this person is-then you can only see if he is trueI want to send you home.
The next day, he really took you to buy a ticket to Zezhou Prefecture and got on the car with you.
When you reach the familiar Zezhou Station, your heart will be down -to -earth, and you are in a lot of mood.You went to rent a comfortable carriage and took you home.The carriage came out of the city, and it didn't take long to come to the gate of your house (you have a uniform building complex for your family, there is always a sense of disgusting the upstart). Seeing the surprise of Yin Shaoming,You just feel more ashamed.
Although you did not figure out the purpose of this person, since you have arrived at home safely, you don't intend to tangle again-you want to go home now to take a good bath and rest, so you excuse to say goodbye to him at home, thinking that you think you are thinking, thinking that you think about it, and you think you think about it.If he didn't want to leave, you hurried to run at home.
I did not expect that this person was very gentleman and said goodbye to you politely. Instead, it made you feel that you are too rude. The other party also gives you peace at home, but the words are all spoken, and the regret is too late.So you gave the driver a lot of tips and asked him to send Yin Shaoming down the mountain, saying that he was going to give him wherever he was going.
After watching them leave, you return to press the doorbell that sounds the door (your home has your own power supply rods, which has been connected from the county to the county town from the mountain).Welcome to you, he was strange why he didn't see Zhao An of them. You don't want to say something about Yin Shaoming (you can't say anything that you can't investigate-this is your press rules), and replied that he did not meet them,Come back on vacation.Then your maid Zhao Qiuer is going to help you get your luggage and find that you are empty. You explain that everything is placed in the dormitory, because you have to go back, you will not bring it.
When you arrive at home, you know that your father is sick, and you hurry to see him.I saw him sleeping deeply in ZHAO WANLEI's bedroom. The housekeeper told you that your father's illness was because he was cold because he was drinking in a few months., It's much recently.
You vaguely understand what the housekeeper's so-called grandfather's body refers to, which makes you very angry. Since you remember, your father is indispensable to Yingying Yanyan-these women have lost their women's face.
After that, you will have to see your brother Zhao Wei.Because he had a bad disease since he was a child, he would live in an independent yard after an adult.You dare not hit him since childhood, afraid to see him onset.Don't go home for a long time this time, you can't help but see him.
Zhao Wei was very happy to see you, and asked you to hear Shanghai, but without saying a few words, he became excited. You quickly found an excuse to go from him.
You don't like your brother and father's attitude towards women. Now the Republic of China is already in the Republic of China, and they still hold the thinking of Qianqing.You have always educated your maid Zhao Qiuer to have the independence and consciousness of women. Not only does he teach her literacy, but also tell her the books I bought and outside.This girl is the closest to you.After Zhao Qiuer took care of your bath, you pulled her to bed together and told her about your vision in Shanghai, and your school life-but you did not tell her about being briefly arrested and encountered by Yin Shaoming.
Today's story
You took a good rest at home for one night.
After getting up, you go to visit your father and find that he hasn't woke up yet. You are a little anxious. The steward in the house tells you that this is a normal drug effect. You also know that Western drugs can make people sleep fully and temporarily peace of mind.
You picked out the news about Yuan Shikai and Liao Group in the newspaper at home, as a subject of summer vacation, and then took it to the garden to read. At this time, you think of the books in the house that you have not finished, and let Zhao Qiuer take some refreshments to get some refreshments.And a book "Paris Camellia Women", and then come to the garden to find you.
When you were waiting for her in the garden, I saw the butler walk in with Yin Shaoming.Seeing you, the housekeeper immediately introduced him to you, and said that Yin Shaoming was his distant relative and cousin. Because of Lu An's hometown of the flood, he came here to go to him.When Yin Shaoming nodded and agreed, his eyes looked at you quite well, making your heart nervous.
The housekeeper immediately warned him that you are a nobleman. Do n’t disturb you. You are different from his identity-if others say this, you will always refute it. For example, it ’s now the Republic of China.Datong-but for the steward who takes care of you from an early age, no matter what he said, you can accept it.
You also hear that the housekeeper knows that you and Yin Shaoming have already met-you not only know you, but also have a meal and talked in the room in a inn, and come back by a carriage.You dare not say this.
You see Yin Shaoming holding his luggage, and went in the house of the house with the housekeeper, and he didn't have the intention to read the newspaper. He hurried back to his room and sat in the bed and thought about it all morning until ZHAO QIUER came to the house to find you in the house.Then you think of what to make her tea and prepare snacks, and you are embarrassed to ask her what tea is to cover up her embarrassment.
"The new Lu Angua film, Li Yan said that Wu's shopkeeper returned from Lu An's area."
You hear Lu An and think that this is the tea of Yin Shaoming's hometown. It just tastes it and compensates him before.Then you happily told Zhao Qiuer: "This tea is just brought to everyone to drink."
You brought Zhao Qiuer to the living room. In addition to your family, you also saw Yin Shaoming. He still looked at you intentionally or unintentionally. In addition, there was another biological face, and your father did not show up at this time.
Others you already know
1. Zhao Wanlei: Your father, the local rich businessman, is also the owner of the villa.He is like the charming playboy in the novel, and there are always women around him around him.You are disgusted with this, so you insist on leaving home to go to college.
2. Zhao Wei: Your brother.You have been afraid of him since childhood, dare not stimulate him, and even dare to say that he is sick in person.
3. FENG Shuangji: Your housekeeper.I worked here when you were young, took care of you and your brother, and sometimes cared more about you than your father.
4. zhao Qiuer: Your personal girl.You grew up together, you have always looked at her as a sister, and her name was given by you as a child.You tell her all the things you know, and also teach her to read literacy.
5. FENG ZHU: Nuer or Daughter of the housekeeper.Her relationship with you is not good, always hiding from you, you remember that your relationship was pretty good when you were a kid.
6. QI Yue: The head of the nursing home of the villa.In Baoding, I was hired by the housekeeper a few years ago. If you don't like to talk, you don't know how many things he is.
7. Yin Shaoming: The cousin of the housekeeper came to the housekeeper because of his hometown.What he said before I was sent home before it seemed that he was also a joke (it should be what the housekeeper told him in the villa, what he said was intentionally teased you), you want to knowHow long can he stay here, will he keep staying all the time.
8. You don't know others.

13:00.After you return to the room, let Zhao Qiuer go to rest. You do n’t have to accompany you. You plan to read a while.
13:40.You can't see it in one word, and finally decided to see if your father wakes up.You met the housekeeper in the corridor, and he said that the master was awake.
14:00.You knocked on your father's door and saw him sitting on the bed ate.You had a lot of words to ask, to say, but don't know how to ask, how to say.You walked over to him, and saw a packet of cakes on the table, and asked, "Is Uncle Feng sent you?" Zhao Wanlei shook his head with the pastry.You guess a few more people, which makes you a little irritable. You come to him to guess the mystery.He said at this time: "Qiu'er remembered that I didn't eat at noon, and sent it." You suddenly realized: "She is more careful than my pro -daughter, I didn't expect it." But you found that Zhao Wanlei's expressionA little wrong, he smiled shakingly, and suddenly asked you: "What about letting her be your little mother?" After listening, you stunned, and then a anger rushed up and said, "Okay, I will now justAsk her! "After that, you pushed all the things on the table to the ground, and a statue bought from France was pushed down and fell.Then you throw your door and go out.14:20.You met Yin Shaoming at the entrance of the stairs. At this time, you are too angry and only advise him: "Did you see Zhao Qiuer?" He shook his head, and you walked from him., Hurry up and say, "Don't follow me."
14:50.You met Guo Wangshan in the living room. He came over and asked your father if he woke up. You heard this and answered it angrily, "He wakes up early and is waiting for you." Then you point to the position of his bedroom.Essence
15:30.You found it in the room and outside the room, and finally found Zhao Qiure at the door of your room, but seeing that her head was gray soil, her face was full of mud, and she disappeared for most of them.I cried in your arms, and now you have no more than half of his breath.You let Zhao Qiuer go back to the room to wash your face, and then take her upstairs to find his father.
15:50.You knocked on the door and no one responded, and then you saw that the housekeeper came up and asked him to open the door. He opened the door with the key, but couldn't open the door. He immediately went to the stairs to shout people. Qi Yue took people up.After, Qi Yue immediately pulled out the steel whip with a portable belt. One step forward, the whip fell, smashed the handle of the yellow pear and wooden door, and kicked the door away and rushed in.When he came out, the housekeeper went in.You noticed that the person brought by Qi Yue was Guo Wangshan. He turned around and ran down the stairs. Qi Yue also chased it. Then the housekeeper came out and took you to the living room with Zhao Qiuer.