First mate zhang
When you are twenty years old, as you get into the sea with the Sunshine, you are also a boatman who just graduated from the Maritime Academy.After years of hard work and hard work, you have settled in a large position and brought excellent reputation and considerable income to yourself.
You have a younger brother called Naive Hen.He works for the BOSS Yang of the famous bar in City A.Do you know that Naive Hen is a very righteous person and is loyal to Boss Yang.You know that boss yang has a lot of unclean business, but there is no more interference, otherwise you will just make your brother embarrassed and add pressure.
Once, my brother found you and said that Boss Yang was worried recently because he wanted to dip the drugs, but he had no good resources.Because you go in and out of Southeast Asia all year round, I hope you think about a way to help Boss Yang.You harshly rebuke your brother and cannot contact this kind of thing, but your brother said that since he has reached this step, there is no way back.
You sighed secretly, indeed, the sin of your brother has been unable to recover. In this case, you are a brother, you might as well climb higher, at least to protect his strength.You use your means, contact a group of criminals for drug transactions, and conspire with Boss Yang to start engaged in illegal drug transactions.
You sell the drugs you come in at a higher price to Boss Yang. You did not tell your brother this matter, because you have to leave enough money to get the vitality in this front -line transaction of life and death.Because of your relationship, your brother has risen around the boss yang.
Boss Yang has another very loyal subordinate, called Secretary Wen.Although she is a little girl, she is extremely capable, and Boss Yang trusts her very much.Of course, the transactions between you are very important. BOSS YANG has asked himself, and each time you get the goods, you take the Sunshine number by yourself. Secretary wen generally cannot insert it.Boss Yang is also a addictive man, and every time he inspects the goods, he has done it himself.
It is very dangerous to go in and out of the poisonous nest, and if there are too many goods, you can't get it alone.So you found the most honest Shipyard Worker Wang on the boat, and let him accompany you to trade.Initially, Shipyard Worker Wang knew that you did this business, and he didn't want to do it, but after you took out the money that was enough to stun his mind, he finally agreed.Human wealth died, not to mention he had already got on the thief boat.
But as you are in contact with more and more things, you start to doubt the people around you. You feel that you ca n’t rest assured that your life entrusts his life on the stormy loyalty of Shipyard Worker Wang, plus he is for money for moneyCome, you can walk more for money.So you decide to apply some means to make him obedient.
Another person with a better relationship on the ship is Ship Doctor Ling.Rather than saying a good relationship, it is better to say that she secretly sent you Qiu Bo all day long.But you have experienced so many things and have no interest in these red powder skeletons.But Shipyard Worker Wang has a son of a twentieth year old named Worker Wang. He also works on board. At this age, he has no resistance to the little girl who is a little reasonable and like a fairy.
You decided to let Ship Doctor Ling lurk beside Worker Wang. Worker Wang and Shipyard Worker Wang live together, so that she can stare at Shipyard Worker Wang at home.You tell Ship Doctor Ling, Shipyard Worker Wang is your men, but you are not completely assured of him, let her go to undercover, and throw a lot of money for bait. Ship Doctor Ling hesitated and agreed.This woman, the young man with a full boat does not look for it, staring at you all day long, you know she is a good -looking product.
With this undercover, you have more peace of mind about Shipyard Worker Wang.You two communications are lettering through paper, and all electronic communication is not safe.Worker Wang and Ship Dotor Ling had been dating for a year, and Worker Wang asked for Ship Doctor Ling.Ship Doctor Ling tells you that you need to add money for a lifetime, but if you don't agree, Ship Doctor Ling can't guarantee whether Shipyard Worker Wang will trust her as before.If you think so, you add money to her. Compared to life, you don't care about this zero.
After a while, Worker Wang suddenly hung up. According to Ship Doctor Ling, Worker Wang was dyed and died of drugs.You think this is a bit sensitive, so I comforted Shipyard Worker Wang and don't want him to have a gap with you.You asked Ship Doctor Ling, she also said that Shipyard Worker Wang did not have any abnormal performance, but when worker Wang was uncomfortable.
However, the following thing makes you feel that things are not simple.On June 3, 2222, BOSS YANG boarded the ship as usual. After taking it, he told you that the little cub on the boat has helped you solve it.You quickly let him whisper and ask what happened.He said that he found that the people on the boat took drugs in his bar. He was afraid that he would be involved in you after being discovered by the official, so he resolved him.If you think about it, but how do you know that this person is your assistant's son.
After that, your brother Naive Hen came and asked you the situation of Shipyard Worker Wang. You said that this person has always followed you to sell drugs, but I did not let Boss Yang know before.
You have always concealed the existence of Boss Yang to conceal the existence of Shipyard Worker Wang, just to ensure that your brother can be protected by himself before his wings are full.If Boss yang tries to cooperate with the Shipyard Worker Wang, the Shipyard Worker Wang will definitely obey him, so that neither you and your brother will use the value, and the situation will be very dangerous.
You ask your brother, this is what he meant, or Boss Yang.The younger brother said that it means Boss Yang, but Boss Yang did not tell him why he asked about this person.You have a bad secret, your brother may be used.You tell your brother, don't tell the truth to the boss yang, just say that this is an ordinary person, but the brother said that the boss would not harm him.My brother wants you to introduce him to Shipyard Worker Wang again. You think about it and let him not tell Shipyard Worker Wang your brotherhood, and then call Shipyard Worker Wang over.
After Shipyard Worker Wang arrived, his brother pulled him out to speak alone.After Shipyard Worker Wang returned, his brother had left.You asked what Shipyard Worker Wang said, Shipyard Worker Wang said it is not the time to tell you that he can think about it for a while.
Unexpectedly, this meeting was actually a farewell to your brother.On June 12, 2222, his brother's body was discovered and discarded by the wild river, which was obviously stabbed.You know, this silly boy must have told the truth to BOSS Yang. Boss Yang felt that his brother was useless, so he killed him.You did not expect that Boss Yang was so fast to abandon his brother.In the next step, Boss Yang must have to do it on yourself.
On June 19, 2222, this day is the day when the Sunshine goes out of the kelp passengers. Boss Yang also boarded the ship to get the goods as usual.You decide to do it today.
【June 19, 2222】
On this day, you set to kill the boss yang.In order not to be exposed, you think of the best idea, that is, mixing a cliché poison in the drug of boss Yang, because you are responsible for the test of luggage on and off the ship., Also relied on this power.
In the afternoon, Boss Yang got on the boat to trade with you. Although you have a ghostly fetus, he will definitely be guilty of you because of your brother's death. In order to show the indifferent look, let him enter the trap with peace of mind. You still go to trade.
At 18:00, you carried the cargo and entered the cabin of Boss Yang.Today he brought a lot of bodyguards, and you two had their own minds. Basically, there was nothing to say, and it came out in 20 minutes.You don't want to investigate why your brother died, no matter what you can't get out of the line with Boss Yang.I didn't take a few steps after I came out. You met Ship Doctor Ling to you. You two have been pretending to be unfamiliar on the boat, nodded and passing by.You don't want these money with your brother's blood.
At 2:00 in the morning, the boat is calm on the boat. You are also going to take out the poisonous drugs that have been poisoned and replace them with unpopular drugs.You brought things, ready to sneak into the room of Boss Yang, and found that there was a bodyguard at the door of his door.You know that there is a very spacious ventilator to his room, and you can try to enter and start climbing into the room of Boss Yang.
At 2:10 in the morning, you finally climbed to the place. Looking at the ventilation mouth, the lights were still on, but the baffle of the ventilation mouth had fallen to the ground, and someone seemed to have entered.You can't see the bed from the ventilation, you can only see a pair of feet.You stretch your head down and find that the boss yang has been distorted. It is obviously dead.
At 2:12 in the morning, you can rest assured, take the drugs lightly, use the empty bag to take a little toxic drugs from the drugs sold to the boss yang, put it back to the bedside, and return the original road.
At 2:20 in the morning, the big event has been done. You stand on the bow and pour the toxic drugs on your hands. Watching them raised with the wind, as if my brother goes back, the heart is like a knife twisted ...

"What you need to know":
① You did not tell Boss Yangshipyard Worker Wang as your helping assistant, and didn't even tell him Shipyard Worker Wang.
② You do things with the boatman. You do it well secretly. Every time you take the goods, you will separate the ship. Others do n’t see that there are too many intersections.At the same time, others definitely don't know what the goods you sell.
③ You are the murderer. The way you kill is to mix the poison into the drugs that the deceased are taken. Please be careful.It is recommended that you do n’t admit that you do it. After everyone said, learn their murder techniques to disguise yourself.
④ Although you can contact the drugs in your luggage before boarding the ship, you can get contact with everyone in the room when you get to the room, so don't be afraid of this and try your best to take off.