Secretary wen
You are a Secretary Wen, working for Boss Yang, the bar owner of the city of A.Boss Yang is very powerful. As the most powerful person under his hands, you have naturally gained a high status.In addition to you, Boss Yang also has another powerful assistant called Naive Hen. He is a loyal man, but he is not high, so most of them are to complete the task according to BOSS YANG's command. Unlike you, it is boss, it is bossYang's brain.
Boss Yang's bar is not clean, and yellow gambling poison is stained, but the progress of drugs is not smooth, because there is no stable and low -cost source.But a chance, Boss Yang met the first mate zhang on the Sunshine. This person has a unique means to supply sufficient drugs to Boss Yang.Boss Yang was very satisfied and immediately started cooperation with First Mate ZHANG.Why do boss yang want to open up a drug business like this?Because he was addicted to drug addiction when he was mixed in his early years.
Based on this, Boss Yang's underworld business has been found out.You are very happy. As long as you have the drug line, you can achieve your real purpose -replace it.You are not willing to assist Boss Yang at all, but you are a girl, without the background, and you can't play a status like a triad.So, you chose Boss Yang, accumulating your own connections through his power.Today, you have become full of wings. As long as you include FIRST MATE ZHANG, you can stand on your own.
Boss Yang buried a eyeliner beside the FIRST MATE ZHANG, that is, the Ship Doctor Ling on the ship. She reported all the information of First Mate ZHANG to the boss yang. Of course, you must pass your hand first.Because the electronic letters are not secure, you all communicate with letters.You quickly learned the handwriting of Ship Doctor Ling, removed the content you want to hide in the information, and report the things that have nothing to do with your interests.You have been using this method for a long time, and Boss Yang has been emptied a lot by you.You know, Boss Yang is actually not a very ambitious person, so he is too lazy to get these things.However, the transactions with FIRST MATE ZHANG are all carried out by Boss Yang in person. You are just a follow -up.
However, most of the information given by Ship Doctor Ling is useless. FIRST MATE ZHANG does not seem to seek other intentions.From this point, you realize that this old sailor is actually just a little greedy, but he doesn't have much heart.However, there is one thing that you still concealed, that is, Ship Doctor Ling tells you that the Shipyard Worker Wang on the boat with First Mate Zhang.You feel that this shipyard worker Wang may be useful for you, so he hides it first without telling the existence of the boss yang.
You find an opportunity to send people and Shipyard Worker Wang privately.You make people ask him if you are willing to supply you, get rid of the control of First Mate ZHANG, and even help him to ban the First Mate zhang and make him a big deputy.But the person who came back said that Shipyard Worker Wang refused, saying that he had accidentally got on the thief boat, and he didn't want to go wrong anymore.You can't, you can only wait for the timing and find another way.
Later, you heard that the son of Ship Doctor Ling and Shipyard Worker Wang got married, and you knew that there was a person WORKER Wang.You want to use this worker Wang to provoke the relationship between Shipyard Worker Wang and First Mate ZHANG. At that time, Shipyard Worker Wang may invest in your Majesty in order to retaliate FIRST MATE ZHANG.You and you have determined the plan. This worker Wang is basically a key step in your success.
People who work on the boat love to drink.You have a little trick, and Worker Wang has entered the Boss Yang's bar under your guidance.You asked your men to stuff some "good things". He was unwilling at the beginning. Later, as you expected to be poisoned.
Then, you told Boss Yang that a person on the ship's ship was dyed in the bar.Boss Yang himself is also addicted to drug addiction.You went on to say that the Sunshine is more sensitive, and it is impossible to keep such people. In the event of being discovered by someone, maybe it will be followed by the official people. At that time, I checked it and found that the FIRST MATE ZHANG transportation was transported., That's it.In order to avoid post -troubles, let this person do it.
Boss Yang agreed with your thoughts and ordered you to do it.On May 28, 2222, a poison was mixed with a needle in the drugs sold to the worker Wang. He died of his fate that night and was designated as an excessive drug drug.
In this way, your plan has been implemented almost, and next, look at the response of Shipyard Worker Wang.The best situation is to ask you for help. If not, he may also get revenge from the boss yang or a big deputy to help you solve a opponent.If he didn't do anything, then you have to add firewood here.
These days, you have been following Boss Yang, the purpose is to be afraid of Shipyard Worker Wang to come to the boss yang directly.However, Shipyard Worker Wang was honest and did not come over. He did not respond to his son's death at all.Do you want to do something?
However, the priority is the Naive Hen under Boss Yang.This person is a scourge. He is loyal to the boss yang and is a tendon. You want to solve the boss yang, and you must step on his body.On June 11, 2222, you sent a few men to kill him with abandoned wilderness.This move is actually very dangerous, and BOSS Yang is not a fool.But it doesn't matter, you have been determined to declare war with him.After you killed Naive Hen, you hid and never goodbye to boss yang.
【June 19, 2222】
This day is the day when the sun yang is on the boss yang, but I do n’t notify you. You know, Boss Yang has begun to doubt you, so you take a few men on the boat.Today, you're on boarding for yourself, because BOSS YANG comes to trading drugs on board. Once a murder on the ship, after a thorough searches, this drug trafficking case will inevitably be involved. Boss Yang is not stupid.But you don't care. This transaction has nothing to do with you, and the last chance to kill Boss Yang on this ship. Boss Yang got off the boat, just like the fish entered the sea, where you could find it.
After boarding the ship, you start planning to kill Boss Yang.He brought a lot of bodyguards, and you felt that he didn't have much chance to kill him on the front.Thinking about it, you remember that he would have the habit of taking drugs at about 10.30 pm. At that time, he couldn't resist at that time, and you just killed him.
So you start looking for a suitable weapon.You don't want to use weapons, in case you explain blood.So you start looking for poison.You think of Ship Doctor Ling, maybe she may have it.You went to the boat doctor's room first. No one. There was a bottle of "dying" medicine in the medicine cabinet. It was something that you had poisoned Worker Wang before, but the medicine cabinet was locked.Can't break the glass.
At 18:10, you found Ship Doctor Ling and asked him if he had a First Mate zhang information, and Ship Doctor Ling gave you.You noticed that there was a bunch of keys in the room, and you subconsciously said that Boss Yang was looking for her. She packed up and went out, and you stole the key.
At 18:30, you came to the boat doctor's room again, opened the medicine cabinet, took a bottle of medicine, and took away a needle tube.
22:20, before you inquired about the ventilation pipes on the ship, knowing that the ventilation pipe is all connected, there is no lock in the exhaust port, you can open it hard, you are also pretending to be worried about safety.At this time, you feel that the time is almost the same, so you can use the poison, sucked into the pipe to bring it on the body, and then get into the venture pipe from your own room and climb the cabin of Boss Yang.
At 22:40, when you arrived at the cabin of BOSS Yang and found that the boss yang just took a bath and walked to the bed. The next time he should be drug abuse.The ventilation mouth is very small. If you can't see the situation on the bed, you can only see a pair of feet. He was lying steadily, but suddenly began to twist violently. The whole bed was shocked.It is the kind of pain to the extreme, no extra strength.Gradually, all the sounds calmed down and restored the deadly silence.
You tried to knock on the air outlet and found that there was no movement.You unload the ventilation baffle, and your head stretched out and looked at it. Boss Yang was lying on the bed in a strange and twisted posture.You boldly went down to check, and found that Boss Yang was already destroyed Huang Quan.Since you are dead, you are relieved.
At 23:00, you re -enter the ventilation pipeline and climb in your room.After returning, you hand over the needle tube and medicine bottle to handle it, don't leave traces.

"What you need to know":
① If you want to achieve things, there must be some conspiracy. Exchanges between you will inevitably leave some traces. Be careful.
② You are not a murderer, please hide your identity.