Shipyard worker Wang
You have been working on the Sunshine for more than ten years. Except for the captain and FIRST MATE ZHANG, you are basically the oldest people on board.You have considerable income, and the filial son Worker Wang, and Worker Wang also works on the boat.
But your so -called considerable income is not from your meager salary, but FIRST MATE ZHANG takes you to buy drugs in Southeast Asia, let you protect his safety, and divide some of your profits.At first, you were very reluctant to do this, but the price of the first mate zhang opened the price that made you unable to refuse, and you got on the thief boat, and it was too late to regret it.
After the incident, some person is called passers -by, trying to find you, and asked if you are willing to get rid of the control of First Mate ZHANG, control the entire supply channel by himself, and even the people behind him can help you ban the First Mate zhang and let you become it.Great vice.But you shook his head again and again, saying that he had accidentally got on the thief boat, and he didn't want to go wrong again.He left you a card and said that he was in contact at any time.
In the past two years, your son married a wife and was the ship dotor ling on the boat.Your wife died earlier, and his son lived with you. Although he did not stay at home for a long time, after all, there are still women at home to support half of the sky.Because the three of you worked on the boat, I couldn't stay at home for a year, so I didn't spend money to buy a house separately for them, or live together.
The daughter -in -law Ship Doctor Ling is very filial to you. Whether it is at home or on the boat, you often ask you warmth. Sometimes you lament that your son is neither handsome nor to say anything. How can you spread such a good girl?Essence
You know, you and the FIRST MATE ZHANG's Dangdang will never let these two children know. If you know more, the burden will be more.Not in the first half of them.
But things are contrary to their wishes. When the mental son cried and pulled up his sleeves in front of you, and exposing a pinhole on your arms, you knew that your son had taken drugs.Worker Wang tells you that he encountered this stuff for the first time in a well -known bar in City A.
At this time, you remembered that the BOSS yang of this bar will get on the boat every three differences and go to the sea with the Sunshine. You think he just likes the sea.Now you know that all the goods that First Mate ZHANG entered were all given this Boss Yang, and the boss Yang was so addicted to the gesture, and your son turned out to be one of them.As soon as you think of, you can not forgive yourself.
Just when you worry about this, a greater disaster happened. On May 28, 2222, Worker Wang was excessive drugs and said.When you see him twisted by pain, your sky seems to be about to collapse.At the same time, you are puzzled, why the son who died excessively and dying will distort it into this unlike human figure. You feel that the son's death is another strange.
You have to doubt the big vice, but you can't think of why, so you dare not show any resentment in front of him.On June 3, 2222, you heard the conversation between FIRST MATE ZHATE and BOSS Yang on the boat. Boss Yang said: "That kid has helped you solve it." You know that these two people are murderers!
After many years of storms, you know that it is basically impossible to solve these two people by the law, no matter which one you can't offend.Only by relying on your mind and relying on yourself can you revenge for the poor small worker.At this point, you feel unprecedentedly calm.Fortunately, Ship Doctor Ling is still very filial to you. She is an orphan, without a family, and helps you treat it as a relatives.You didn't tell her the truth, and didn't want her to carry this painful hatred.
Although you can kill someone, you must not escape the sanctions, so you set the plan, first leave Boss Yang and First Mate ZHANG, let the two kill each other. After that, you can find a way to kill the next one.If you hang it, you will never worry about the future things.You think of the passerby, but he is unknown. You are now in a large vortex, and you have no energy to communicate with a new forces.If you think about it, the best way is to contact BOSS Yang and go to him to deal with First Mate ZHANG.
Some time ago, FIRST MATE ZHANG told you to go past and introduce you to a person named Naive Hen.Naive Hen pulls you alone to talk. He said that he was the confidant of Boss Yang. Boss Yang wanted to know you and asked if you had anything to bring him.You can't contact Boss Yang, but you think Naive Hen and First Mate ZHANG are more casual. It seems to have a good relationship. I am afraid that this Naive Hen says to FIRST MATE ZHANG.So you say that some words only want Boss Yang to listen, can you write a letter to him.Naive Hen promised.You tentative Naive Hen and asked him if he knew that Worker Wang was the person. He said he didn't know. It seemed that they didn't know that you and worker Wang had a father -son relationship. They should come to you sincerely.
You wrote a letter, saying that you kept FIRST MATE ZHANG, but FIRST MATE ZHANG gave him too little money.You say you know all the processes of the purchase, and the people over there also know you and trust you. If you are responsible for supply in the future, you only need half of the profit of FIRST MATE ZHANG.You are basically a three -handed position on the ship. As long as the current deputy is removed, the position of the big vice is yours.And you have no means to get rid of the big deputy, and you have to give it to the boss yang.You have a good envelope, and tell Naive Hen that you must hand it in the hands of Boss Yang by yourself. Don't let anyone see it.
【June 19, 2222】
On this day, Boss Yang boarded the boat, you are going to find a chance to communicate with him.
At 19:30 that night, you were going to find Boss Yang. Your daughter -in -law Ship Doctor Ling suddenly knocked on your door suddenly. You opened the door and saw her standing at your door with tears.You quickly let her come in, she tells you, Boss Yang is going to kill her and ask you to save her.You are strange, ask Boss Yang why he should deal with her.She said that before, Worker Wang took drugs at Boss Yang and owed a lot of money. Now that the small worker is dead, she is not on debt, and Boss Yang is going to kill her.
As long as it is a matter of money, it can be solved.You comforted her and asked how much she owed.She said she didn't remember, anyway, it was a big number, and it couldn't afford it at all.You say you can go to Boss Yang to talk about this.She gave you a syringe with a semi -tube medicinal solution inside and said, "Dad, there is a toxic medicine, if he wants to harm you, or he insists on killing me, asking you to help him kill him, rescue himI. "Then, I cried again.
You put away the medicine and feel that this is a good thing. Even if you can't use it now, you can use it to deal with First Mate ZHANG or Boss Yang.You let her wait in the room, and you will come back when you go.
At 19:40, you did n’t bring the poison, and you arrived at the Boss Yang room. Anyway, you can see Boss Yang at any time as you.There was a bodyguard at the door, and the bodyguard said that the boss yang was not there.You tell your bodyguard that you are a boss Yang partner.After listening to the bodyguard, let you enter the room and wait for the boss yang.After a while, Boss Yang was back. After seeing you, I asked you: "What am I cooperating with you, I don’t remember."
You said, "I asked the little brother Naive Hen to bring you a letter to you, and I wrote it all. I used to work with FIRST MATE ZHANG, now I want to do it alone. Do you remember the boss?" Look at the bossYANG was silent, as if he was thinking down, and then he laughed again, remembering, of course, remember.Then you two talked a few words, and you mentioned the topic, saying that Ship Doctor Ling is your daughter -in -law. You can help her pay back the money, and ask Boss Yang to raise your expensive hand and don't kill.
Boss yang laughed and said that he didn't want to kill her at all, just asking her to ask a few words. As for returning the money, it was nothing.You thanked you evenly, and said a few more words, then left the room.
At 20:20, you returned to Ship Doctor Ling's room and told her that it was okay. Boss Yang didn't want to kill her at all, nor did she want her to pay back.You see Ship Doctor Ling still look worried, and there is no way to return to your room.The medicine bottle with a "dying" is too obvious, so you pour the poison from the bottle to a small box, and then leave the bottle and the syringe into the sea and return to the room.

"What you need to know":
① Your son does not know that you sell drugs, at least you haven't told him yourself.
② You are not a murderer, please hide your identity.