Ship dotor ling
You are an orphan origin. In order to achieve your own value, you study hard and finally admitted to the ideal medical school.After coming out, you have been suffering from the hard test of the selection crew and come to the Sunshine as a ship doctor.
Why do you do this?Because you are a person who only loves money.For the reason, you don't know what money means to you. You don't like to spend money, but only to make money. It may be that money means a sense of security.You do n’t go to the hospital because the hospital is too busy, you do n’t want to delay all the time on the treatment of patients.The Sunshine is a luxury cruise ship, and the wealthy people who come up are all rich people. You can shuttle with them with beauty, hoping that they can bring you the "sense of security" you want.
You met Boss Yang on the boat. Boss Yang is the owner of a well -known local bar. This bar can be regarded as evil, and yellow gambling poison is accepted.You are close to him as usual, and you have to have a plan to be rejected.But he met you, and you are happy, but he tells you that there is a business to do it with you.
Boss Yang tells you that the first mate zhang on the Sunshine has some "transactions" with him.But he can't be completely assured of First Mate ZHANG, so I hope you can approach him on the boat and report to him some of his daily information, what abnormal moves.At the same time, he promised to give you a lot of money every month.You know this is a muddy water, but for money, what can you do?You promised Boss Yang.
Since then, you have lived a life that tracks FIRST MATE ZHANG.You have tried to give him diligence, but he is not interested in you, you can only follow him secretly.Once I went to Southeast Asia to transport the goods, everyone got off the ship to purchase and supplies. You found that the first mate zhang ghostly left the team.You followed, and came to a very messy place, but found that First Mate Zhang and Shipyard Worker Wang met there.They went in, and after you followed up, they were stopped outside, and they even pushed you with a gun.It's so messy, you are so scared to leave.Later, you want to investigate what they are doing, but the confidential work of the big vice is done well. From bringing the goods to the boat to the boss yang, you don't miss a hint of feet at all, you can only give up.
You go back and report to Boss Yang.The Secretary Wen under the Boss Yang's intelligence is connected to your intelligence letter. Boss Yang always sees the head of Shenlong.She told you that let you continue to track.First Mate Zhang is very careful, never showing the horse's feet, in order to control the mouth, and even the wine will not drink more, there is nothing worth noting at all.
It didn't take long for FIRST MATE ZHANG to observe the first mate zhang, but FIRST MATE ZHANG took the initiative to find you.He tells you that there is a business to do with you.
You don't know what the two people are engaged in the name of the two people.First Mate Zhang tells you that Shipyard Worker Wang is his men, but he is not completely assured of Shipyard Worker Wang.Shipyard Worker Wang has a son named Worker Wang and also works on board.He asked you to approach Worker Wang and be his girlfriend, so as to get close to Shipyard Worker Wang to observe the abnormal moves of Shipyard Worker Wang.In addition, FIRST MATE ZHANG will pay for a considerable return for this.
This extremely familiar scene makes you can't help but be there. Two pieces are connected to you on this day. You feel a little unreal.Later, you accepted FIRST MATE ZHANG's request.
Worker Wang cannot reject your charm at all, and you can easily come together with him.You start monitoring the two people of Shipyard Worker Wang and First Mate ZHANG.After a year, Worker Wang proposes to you, and you should think about it.You find FIRST MATE ZHANA, let him add money to you, you agree to get married, get the trust of Shipyard Worker Wang, or you will not do it.FIRST MATE ZHANG did not resign. You can see that FIRST MATE ZHANG's home is deeper than you think.
After getting married, you live with Shipyard WORKER Wang, Worker Wang, because you often go to sea and don't need to buy more houses, which also gives you the opportunity to better monitor Shipyard Worker Wang.On the boat, you also stayed in Shipyard Worker Wang in the name of your daughter -in -law for a long time.
After a period of time, you find that Worker Wang's mental is unusually sluggish. At the same time, you find that there are often more conspiracy on his arm.After all, you are studying medicine. Worker Wang must be the first to find you when he is sick. It will never go to the hospital secretly. The only reasonable explanation is that Worker Wang is stained.
You told FIRST MATE ZHANG, he asked you not to tell Shipyard Worker Wang.
Not long after, on May 28, 2222, Worker Wang actually died of drugs, and the dead -shaped distorted was terrible.However, you are still very pleased. If you do n’t do it, you will be infected with any disease. In case of infection, you have to take it in.
Because you do n’t have a parent, you will continue to stay with Shipyard Worker Wang to respect him.FIRST MATE ZHANG asked you, did Shipyard Worker Wang say something else because of his son's death? You tell him not.Although this is a fact, you can see that the death of Worker Wang is actually not so simple, but what's the matter with you?
On June 19, 2222, today is the day when the Sunshine goes out as a cruise ship. There are a lot of rich passengers on the boat, but because you pay the two -sided remuneration, you don't need to approach anyone anymore.Boss Yang is also here this time.
18: 10, Secretary Wen came to find you and asked if you had the latest information, you gave her the preparing to Boss Yang.Then she asked you to see Boss Yang. You have n’t seen Boss Yang for a long time. I do n’t know what happened, but it ’s not easy to refuse, so I went.
At 18:20, you went to see the boss yang. When you were coming, I met first mate zhang. When he saw him mentioned a box, it was estimated that it was just done "business".Pass your shoulders.
As soon as you enter the door, you are scared, and the house is full of black -headed Malaysia's black bodyguards.Boss yang saw you, squinting his eyes, and then asked you, do you always hide the existence of Shipyard Worker Wang.You stunned and said that you didn't hide it, and basically every intelligence would mention Shipyard Worker Wang.He looked at you, squinted, and you felt cold.He asked again if you carried him back to the first mate zhang information about other people's information.This is what you really do. You guess he has already mastered the evidence and can only admit it.He snorted and let you go out.
You are very scared, this boss yang looks like killing people.You thought about it, and there was a plan in your heart.
At 18:50, you go back to the room to get the key to get the medicine cabinet, but you can't find it everywhere.You can only go directly to the medical room, but you find that the medicine cabinet is opened, the key is inserted on it, you go to find it, and find that the "dying" powder in the medicine cabinet (the micro -dose can be used for medicinal) is less bottle.You can't control so much, take out two bottles of medicine and two needles and take it away.
At 19:30, you went to the door of Shipyard Worker Wang, and I broke the emotions and knocked on the door.After Shipyard Worker Wang opened the door, you cried out.You told Shipyard Worker Wang that boss yang wants to kill you and ask you to save her.Shipyard worker Wang is strange, asking boss yang why he should deal with her.She lied to him and said that before Worker Wang took drugs at Boss Yang and owed a lot of money. Now the small worker is dead, she is not debt, and Boss Yang is going to kill her.
He comforted you, and asked how much you owed.You say you don't remember, anyway, it is a big number, and it can't afford it at all.He said he could help you find Boss Yang to talk.You tube a bottle of medicine and a needle, and said, "Dad, this is a toxic medicine, if he wants to harm you, or he insists on killing me, asking you to help him kill him, save me."Just, you cried again.
At 19:40, he received the medicine and said that it was okay, and went back.
20: 20, Shipyard Worker Wang is back, telling you that Boss Yang didn't want to kill you at all, and said that you don't need to pay back the money.When you listen, you still don't worry, because the boss yang itself does not let you pay back.I originally wanted Boss Yang to pierce Shipyard Worker Wang, so that Shipyard Worker Wang was fighting with him. As a result, this boss yang has a good temper.In order to save your life, you can only do it yourself.
You are waiting in the room. You must not be able to fight the boss yang on the front, ready to wait for him to sleep.Boss Yang's room has a spacious ventilation pipeline, you can climb in there and bypass the security guard.
At 23:00, you think the time should be almost, dilute the medicine with water, sucked into the needle tube, and then enter from the ventilation port of your room, ready to go to Boss Yang.But as soon as I entered, I heard the sound of "咚 咚" in the ventilation pipeline, and it seemed that someone crawled inside.You hurry up and continue to travel until the sound is gone.
At 23:20, you arrived at the cabin of Boss Yang, and the lights were still on, but the baffle of the ventilation outlet has fallen to the ground, and it seems that someone has entered.You can't see the bed from the ventilation, you can only see a pair of feet.You go down and find that Boss Yang is lying on the bed in a strange twist, motionless, like death.
You tried to knock on the ceiling and found that the boss yang did not respond.You climb down and look at it. Boss yang is already dead, the dead looks miserable, and the dead body of the dead body described in the book is very similar.You didn't stay again, and re -climbed into the vent.You throw the syringes and medicine bottle into the sea and return to the room.
You are not a murderer, please elux suspicion.