Hong Zi (Captain)
Role profile
Male, 38 years old, graduated from domestic marine universities, and has been working on the ship for 12 years. After the captain died unexpectedly 1 year ago, he became the captain of the Oriental Star.Emphasize that you are the leaders of everyone here.
The impression of the deceased and the presentation statement (what are you doing when the crime time is: liu Qi is your student, out of the same door, you take care of him more. Fireworks performance starts at 20 o'clock, and after 20 o'clock, you arrive at the deck.Watching the performance, 20:15, you think of some words to Vice Liu Da, usually before the ship is on the shore, he sorted out things in the warehouse, so you went to the warehouse and found the corpse. You are the first of the corpse.discoverer.
Your secret:
What you need to conceal is that you and Singer Lin are lovers.And you will have a connection with the South Korean underworld, and you secretly transport drugs on the boat.You are responsible for docking with Trinity, and then let Vice Liu Da take charge of drugs.
Your interpersonal relationship:
Liu Qi (Large Deputy): LiU Qi is your college student, originally the three deputy on the ship. After the death of the former Captain Yang, after you died a year ago, you were promoted to the captain and promoted the original three vice deputy.You are smuggling of drugs.
Xiu Renjie (Bar Manager): Xiu Renjie is the manager of the Oriental Star Cruise, who came to work 2 years ago.There is not much intersection with you.
Han Yimu: You see han Chengwu (han the atatchant or Han the Crew Member) on May 6 with Singer Lin in public. You think this affects the image of other passengers and the Star of the East, so youLet Han Chengwu (Han the Attendant or Han the Crew Member) wrote a review letter for you.(If someone asks why you have no punishment Singer Lin, you can say that Singer Lin is a direct subordinate of Manager XIU, and you should punish it of Manager XIU.) Lin Ruotong (singer): Singer Lin is the jazz singer of the bar, a direct subordinate of Manager Xiu.She is actually your lover, and your nickname to her is "little yellow warbler".ZHANG WENYUAN (Two Deputy): Graduated from an international navigation school and a diploma is the highest person on the boat.I am dissatisfied with Liu Da's promotion, and I wrote you a report that Liu Da's job error was made. You didn't pay attention to throw the report.
Experience that day
18:40: You receive a restaurant phone, saying that you are talking about a big deal. You rush to the restaurant and see you see ZHANG ERFU (Second Office ZHANG or ZHANG The Second Mate) kneeling in front of the most noble guests (VVIP) on the boat, becauseVVIP has peanut allergies, and Zhang San took the peanut ice cream to her.ZHANG ERFU (Second Office Zhang or ZHANG the Second Mate) was asked to kneel and apologize. You immediately apologized and took ZHANG ERFU (Second Officer ZHANG OR Zhang The Second Mate).You report this to the board of directors.At 19:40, you received the fax of the Trinity. It was some tarot cards. The content was the captain, secret transaction, betrayal, meeting, port, killing.You are not very sure of the contents inside. You guess it is that the three -in -law warn that if you dare to betray, you will kill you.So I decided to ask liu Qi later.
When you hide the Tarot card in the box you set a password, when the box is 20 o'clock in the dark grid in the hug's room, you see that Singer Lin returns to her own room.Drop
At 20:00 to 20:15, you watch fireworks on the deck.
At about 20:15, you know that Liu will generally go to the warehouse to sort out things before the end of the sailing, so he feels that he is in the warehouse.At 20:25, it was found that Liu was dead
Your other information
1 You know that ZHANG ERFU (Second Officer Zhang or ZHANG the Second Mate) is responsible for managing guns, and almost everyone knows that there is a left wheel gun in the hello room.
2 You have a private pistol and some bullets in your room to prevent the danger of existence in drug transportation.
3 You gave a necklace to Singer Lin recently.
4 You have addiction, but you can only use nicotine to smoke electronic cigarettes on the boat.