Han Yi (flight)
Role meter:
Female was 25 years old and entered the ship work last September. He is now the flight attendant of the Star of the East.You have a strong curiosity, and you are inquiring on the bag on the boat.
The impression of the deceased and the statement of the absence of the proof of the present (the time is there) liu Qi is a very strict person, and you think no one likes him.
After 20 o'clock, there are many guests because of fireworks, so you will perform a safety inspection in the cruise ship during this period.
At 20:30, you were notified of LIU QI to die in the warehouse.
Your secret:
You hate Liu Da's abnormality. He has always commanded you like a commander. You want to murder him. Tonight, you send a bottle of drinks containing sulfuric acid to the warehouse for him.
Your interpersonal relationship
Liu Qi (Large Deputy); You hate him very much. Since you work on the boat, he has always commanded you like a commander's title, and often send text messages to you, let you cook noodles, clean up hygiene, Even washing the underwear, you need to help him send the courier every time you are on the shore. The courier is the item is chocolate.
Xiu Renjie (Bar Manager): You are very impressed with him and often talk to him. Sometimes he complains with you.Once I missed the wine, you told him that you wanted to kill LiU QI.
Lin Ruotong (singer): You think she seems to be in dyeing with Liu Da, so you helped Singer Lin a nickname "forest magnet", and the nickname was learned by Singer Lin, for this, May 6On the day of the day, Singer Lin quarreled with you in public.
Hong Zilian (Captain): On May 6, you quarreled with Singer Lin, and then the captain came here to disturb the passenger's damage image to punish you and let you write a review.The next day you wrote a review to the captain, although you were unconvinced.
ZHANG WENYUAN (Two Deputy): You know he is a gun keeper, and there is a left -wheel pistol in the Halm Halm room.
Case:
In the afternoon of that day, you were taught by Liu Qi fiercely. He took your collar and hit you.then you
Tell this matter to Manager Xiu.
After that, you returned to your room very angry and you wanted to kill him, so you poured a bottle of sulfuric acid in the room into a beverage bottle.
At 19:20 in the evening, you gave the beverage bottle to the vice of Liu Da in the warehouse. After seeing you when you saw you, he immediately rushed to go out, and you had to put the beverage bottle on the cabinet of the warehouse.In the room.
At 19:30, when you surfed the Internet in the room, you saw a video just uploaded. The content of the video was ZHANG ERFU (Second Office ZHANG or ZHANG The Second Mate) offended the VVIP on the boat. VVIP humiliated him in public.Second Officer ZHANG Or zhang the Second Mate) kneeled and apologized.(The incident is the allergy of the VVIP peanut, and ZHANG ERFU (Second Officer Zhang or ZHANG the Second Mate) took her to the peanut ice cream. After 20 o'clock, there are many guests, so during this time you are on the mobile channel of the cruise ship.Safety inspection
At 20:30, you were notified of LIU QI to die in the warehouse.
Your other information:
1 The wall of your room is posted with a photo of Liu Da. You have a BB pistol. When you are dissatisfied, you use BB to play the photo of Liu Da.You use one other poster to cover this photo.
2 Do you think Singer Lin and Liu Da dating.
3 Before you came to work on board, you were a ballet actor. I was tired of the stage of stage life and did the flight on board.