Xiu renjie (Bar Manager)
Role profile
The male is 32 years old and worked on the boat for 2 years.
Impression of the deceased and the statement of not present
You and the deceased are high school alumni. This was only learned after you went on to work with him 2 years ago.At 20 o'clock to 20:25, the fireworks performed outside, and the guests watched the fireworks on the deck. After you prepared the fireworks at 20 o'clock, go back to the room to rest.Fireworks performances are prepared by the bar,
Your secret
You are a drug dealer on the ship. Of course, the most important secret is that you killed LIU QI.
Your interpersonal relationship:
Liu Qi (Great Deputy): He is your high school alumni and the leader of private drugs on your boat.
Hong Zilian (Captain): You don't have much intersection with him.
Han Yimu: She has a good opinion of you, and she is also disgusted with liu qi. You often drink bad things about drinking him.Once, after being drunk, she revealed to you that if she had the opportunity, she would kill LIU QI.
Lin Ruotong (Singer): She belongs to your bar. You are her direct leader ZHANG WENYUAN.
Case:
Two years ago, my father's friend introduced you to become the bar manager of the Oriental Star Halfly Cruise. The life on the boat has made you have a strong longing for luxury life. After that, you accidentally meet your high school alumni in the bar.Liu Qi, who served as the three pairs on the boat, not long after, Liu Qi asked you a secret transaction like you, telling him that using cruise ships to secretly transport poisoning can get huge profits. You accepted this proposal.You secretly stuffed drugs in the fireworks box you managed by your own managed, and LIU QI will come in 50,000 yuan per month.One year ago, the incident of poisoning on the ship was discovered by the old captain Yang Chenlin found that Liu Qi killed Captain Yang, and then forced you to make a fake permit. After that, Li Qi was released without guilty.You are afraid of liu qi so you buy the left wheel gun to prevent himself.After Captain Yang's death, LiU QI was promoted to deputy captain.Half a year ago, Li Qi told you that the transported drugs should make more private transactions, so let you hide the drugs in chocolate and submit it, for money, you agree.But 2 months ago, there were fewer and fewer drug lists. If you ask the reason, liu Qi ignores you.On the afternoon of the incident, when you were chatting in the room, you knew when chatting with Han ChenGwu (han the atatchant or Han the Crew Member), and she had been helping Liu Qi to send chocolate.You who betrayed you to ask Liu Qi for reasons and sent a text message to threaten him.That evening, Liu Qi came to your room and gave your favorite wine as an apology gift.You feel very strange, so check the wine carefully, find the eye on the lid, and then you pour the wine into the silver cup. The silver cup is black, knowing that the wine is toxic.Liu Qi wanted to kill people like the captain before.So you decided to start with a strong start. You first went to the rudder room to get a bullet in the zhang Erfu (Second Office Zhang or zhang the Second Mate) pistol.(Everyone on the boat knows that there is a gun there, the key is in his drawer.) Then wait until the fireworks start at 20 o'clock, escape from people's sight, run to the warehouse of Li Qi, and see the back injured liu Qi in the warehouse.Then fired at him.The sound of gunfire was covered by the sound of fireworks.After killing people, you ran back to your own room and put the bullet you just took into the barrel.Then hide the empty shell into the incense wax.
Seeing the fragrant wax gradually solidified, you show a proud smile
Your other information:
1 You originally thought that only Li Qi and you were secretly transported drugs, and now you think there is still one person, but you don't know who it is.(Most of your information is in the scene of the incident, please read the scene of the incident carefully