Zhang wenyuan (two sideways)
Jane characters:
He graduated from the 34 -year -old International Ocean Navigation University and worked on the boat for 7 years. He is the second deputy on the Star of the East and a direct subordinate of the victim.You are the person with the highest academic qualifications on the boat.
The impression of the deceased and the statement of not presenting (what are you doing at the time of the incident) do you think Liu Qi is a lazy and slack person.
At 20:00 to 20:25, you have been watching the boat sailing in the fucking room and looking at the business statement in the fucking room.
Your secret:
You just received a report from the board of directors that you were fired because offending VVIP.Give her peanut ice cream.
Your interpersonal relationship:
Liu Qi (Large Deputy): You hate him very much. One year ago, he was just three sideways, and it was your men. After the old captain died unexpectedly, the original Hongda deputy was quickly transferred to the big deputyEssenceBecome your direct leader.LiU QI is very arrogant to you and is targeted at you everywhere. So, you start investigating the error in LIU QI's work. Recently, you find that liu Qi signs himself privately on the form of the warehouse list, and it should have been signed by the captain.You wrote this report to the captain.Hong Zilian (Captain) You are dissatisfied with his promoting his schoolmate Li Qi.
Han Yimu (flight) she has no special intersection with you, you know she is a spare person.
Xiu Renjie (Manager) He has no special intersection with you, you know he likes drinking.
Lin Ruotong (singer) You have no special intersection to him.
Case:
At 18:30 in the evening, Liu Qi asked you to go to the restaurant to receive VVIP. Because it is a very important customer, he insisted that you will receive it in person and tell you that she ordered the peanut ice cream for you to give him.Because liu Qi is your leader, you have to agree.Who knows that the VVIP was furious after eating ice cream, saying that she told you in advance that she was allergic to peanuts, and then asked you to kneel in public to apologize.You did it, and then Captain Hong appeared. When you apologized together, you took you at 19:10. You received a fax from the board in the office that you were fired on it.You hid the report into the drawer and went to the deck to see the sea.At 20 o'clock fireworks, passengers are all passengers on the deck. You want to drive the Star of the East and return to the rudder room until 20:30, you are notified to dies in the warehouse in the warehouse.
Your other information:
1 You respect the former captain Yang Chenlin, you think he is your second father.After he died unexpectedly a year ago, you were very sad. You also posted the crew of the old captain at that time on your desk.
2 You smoke an electronic cigarette, so you have nicoxine in your drawer.
3 Everyone knows that you are the gunkeeper on the boat. You put the gun in the box locking the rudder room, and you put the key in your drawer.
4 Recently distributed ammunition, and 3 bullets have not sent a text message with liu Qi a few days ago, asking him to target you everywhere, liu Qi denies it.