Li xiaodi
When you are in high school, your most proud cousin, the Li Dage in the school is interrupted. Although you always want to know the truth, Li Dage is afraid that you will never tell you.Li DAGE was originally a school grass that loves sports and learned excellent, but after this incident, he was depressed, and he was often laughed at as a mule, which was melancholy every day.Watching Li DAGE has been destroyed for a lifetime, you silently made an oath in your heart, and when you meet this person in the future, you must give him a lesson that he will regret him forever.
After going to college, you met ZHANG EBA, and inadvertently learned from the mouth of Wang Xuexi that he and ZHANG EBA were a high school, and it was Li DAGE's high school.You deliberately inquired from the mouth of Wang Xuexi that ZHANG EBA did interrupt the legs of the school's school grass Li Dage in high school.So you decide to follow the side of Zhang Eba and encourage him to do more bad things, and it is best to let him go to jail.
But even though ZHANG EBA raped a girl in her freshman year, the girl committed suicide in the school's small woods, and his father spent a lot of money.You feel that it seems that the plan of eating bad things from ZHANG EBA seems to be uncomfortable, so you start thinking about the next plan to destroy what he pays most importantly.
When you are in your sophomore, the school has a freshman Zhao Shuai, always following ZHANG EBA, and soon becomes a good friend with ZHANG EBA.Zhan Eba's unknown wife Lin Xiaohua also went to this school as a freshman, and he was famous for cultivating feelings.Although Lin Xiaohua looks good, ZHANG EBA is not interested in her, but still spends the sky outside.
On the day before July 14th, you were together with Zhao Shuai, ZHANG EBA and Wang Xuexi.Zhao Shuaige said that a horror legend circulated in the school. It is said that before the school was built, it was a burial post, and the land of the pole was at the old teaching building of the school.Since the teaching building was completed, we have been weird.There are constant students in the event of a spiritual incident, so now the teaching building is only used for simple experiments, and it is usually not open.Zhao Shuaige came to the school to explore at night in the evening.
Of course, ZHANG EBA does not believe this kind of ghost and god, but Zhao Shuai strongly persuaded ZHANG EBA.And who bets with ZHANG EBA who is afraid of going home first is the gall, and must promise the other party's three conditions unconditionally.In the end, ZHANG EBA was persuaded by Zhao Shuai, and said that he would call Lin Xiaohua and Lin Xiaohua's good friend Hao Guimi.You know Zhang Eba is called Lin Xiaohua, just because he recently saw her good friend Hao Guimi.You think this time the ghost festival adventure is a good opportunity. The moon and black wind and night are most suitable for making accidents.
【Zhongyuan Festival, 11 o'clock】
You and groups gathered at the back door of the school. You entered the school from the back door and entered the school to start this bold conference.You notice that Lin Xiaohua and Hao Guimi are painted with exquisite makeup. I don't know if they are coming to explore or appointment.
Wang Xuexi opened the door of the old teaching building with you. The group went to the 4th floor. The teaching building had two stairs two stairs.You counting the stairs on the west several times and did not find that the steps were more than one step.ZHANG EBA was a little impatient and wanted to go back.Zhao Shuai said that we will try the next one. Let ’s try the next. The group of people agree, and ZHANG EBA nodded.
At 11:15, the party came to the biological room on the 4th floor, and ZHANG EBA commanded wang xuexi to check the faucet.Wang Xuexi was very scared and trembled and opened the faucet to reach out to touch the water. When he retracted his hand, he had a blood red.At this time Lin Xiaohua yelled, blood!Wang Xuexi also screamed, and scared the flashlight on his hand to the ground, and the flashlight immediately went out.After everyone fell into the darkness, the cry was louder. You heard the sound of everyone frightened and escaped, and you were a little scared and ran downstairs.
Running to the second floor, you suddenly remembered that you haven't started Zhang Eba. How can you run away like this.After you comforted yourself for a while, you may not be sure if you look at flower eyes.So you return to the biological room on the 4th floor and find that there are no one in the biological room. When you go out, you will meet Hao Guimi.The two discussed together on the 5th floor.
At 11:20, you and Hao Guimi saw ZHANG EBA and Wang Xuexi in the music room. At this time, Wang Xuexi was using his mobile phone to shine Betfen's eyes.You are busy with the mineral water with powerful psychedelic medicines to drink for ZHANG EBA in advance, and praise Zhang Eba daringly.ZHANG EBA's big hand waved to say that you are too timid, you see that Zhao Shuaige is scared.You silently thought that this psychedelic medicine was made from the black market. As soon as you drink it, you will have a variety of hallucinations. I scare you a little, even if you are brave, you will be scared.Crazy, you'd better go crazy in the second half of your life.
After ZHANG EBA finished drinking the water, Hao Guimi pulled ZHANG EBA to say a whisper. ZHANG EBA instructed you and Wang Xuexi to check the toilet on the second floor, and then Zhang eba and Hao Guimi walked intimately.So you and Wang Xuexi come to the toilet on the second floor. You feel that you are idle and you are idle. I suggest to see if the last grid of the toilet can be opened. WANG XUEXI also thinks that you will come and see if you are here.At this time, the last grid of the toilet suddenly came from a woman's cry. Through the window through the window, the pale moonlight, you saw that the door of the toilet was slowly opened, and a woman's pale hand slowly stretched out of it from it.EssenceYou screaming with Wang Xuexi scared away, and the two of them ran towards different places.
At 11:25, you ran to the stairs on the west surface on the 3rd floor and felt that it was too scary tonight. Don't run away. Go to the forest to see how ZHANG EBA is, and then go to the principal to gather in front.At this moment, someone suddenly patted your shoulder behind him and frightened you. When he turned around and found that it was Zhao Shuaige.Zhao Shuaige asked ZHANG EBA where did you go?You told him ZHANG EBA and Hao Guimi to go to the forest, and Zhao Shuaige hurriedly left.You feel that it is easy to be discovered with Zhao Shuaige, so you can wait for a while before going to the forest.
At 11:40, you decided to go to the forest to see, but on the road, you saw a girl from a girl from the small forest to the principal statue.You guess Hao Guimi, so I decided to ask in the past.
At 11:45, before you went to the statue of the principal, I found that it was hao Guimi. Hao Guimi asked you if you have seen ZHANG EBA. You said that you have been in the old teaching building, no one can see it, and you didn't ask more about ZHANG EBA.He must not be in the forest.Because the legend of the principal statue at 12 o'clock, the two decided to wait here for a while.
After 5 minutes, Lin Xiaohua came, saying that he had stayed in the old teaching building for a long time, and no one saw it.After another 5 minutes, Wang Xuexi came, and he said he had been staying in the biological room on the 4th floor.At the end of the last 12 o'clock, Zhao Shuaige also came. He said that ZHANG EBA was left now, we have not been here, we will wait for him for a while.
There are more than 5 o'clock at midnight and waiting for ZHANG EBA in front of the statue. At this time, I saw a black shadow coming from the school door.The voice of the wow, and the eclipse came to you, obviously not ZHANG EBA.At this time, Zhang Shuai said, is it a person who is more?Lin XiaoHua immediately screamed and shouted to ghosts!Everyone was frightened and ran away, and went home from the back door.
As a result, the news of ZHANG EBA came from the next day, and you were summoned as a suspect ...