Wang xuexi

You are an introverted, timid, cowardly person, which is destined that you are born a person who is suitable for being bullied.The campus bullying incident is a strange thing anywhere, and you are one of the members of the bullying.I lowered my head in the humiliation and clenched my fist in the laughter of everyone, but every time you struggled, you still reluctantly let go.Because the leader is ZHANG EBA, the one who has a lot of light.His family is rich and powerful, and he is tall and handsome. He always surrounds the flattering younger brothers and beautiful girls.Even interrupted the legs of the school grass Li DAGE, and just received criticism, and came to school the next day.
There is no hope of hell -like life in high school in three years. You always imagine that you can get rid of ZHANG EBA after going to college. You can live a life that has no cowardly and careful life. You can get the appreciation of students and teachers with excellent learning.There is a real friend.It is these fantasies that support you to be admitted to the best university in the country, because you feel that with ZHANG EBA's academic performance, he can not be admitted to this school for eight life.Every bottle of medicine you used after you was beaten was preserved every time you went to the hospital, and these humiliated history spurred you.

But you meet again at H Da, ZHANG EBA tells you that his father spent a lot of money to make him into the school.Your heart is cold instantly, as if falling in hell, you forget that the demon can be disguised as an angel in front of money and power.
You have become the slave of ZHANG EBA again, and ZHANG EBA has first received a group of younger brothers in school since she went to college. Among them, the most loyal and diligent in him is LI XIODI.Then, with the encouragement of these younger brothers, it was unscrupulous and unpredictable.A girl was raped in her freshman year, causing the girl to hang suicide in the small woods of the school.Of course, this incident was spent a lot of money by his dad, but in the end.
When you were in the sophomore year, the school came with a new student named Zhao Shuai. He was very interested in ZHANG EBA, who had avoided everyone, and often asked ZHANG EBA to call his brothers and brothers. Soon they became good friends.LIN XIAOHUA, as the fiancee of ZHANG EBA, was sent to school by his parents as a freshman as a freshman, saying that it was to cultivate the relationship between the two people.
On the day before the 14th of the 14th, Zhao Shuai, Li Xiaodi, ZHANG EBA was with you.Zhao Shuaige said that a horror legend circulated in the school. It is said that before the school was built, it was a burial post, and the land of the pole was at the old teaching building of the school.Since the teaching building was completed, we have been weird.There are constant students in the event of a spiritual incident, so now the teaching building is only used for simple experiments, and it is usually not open.Zhao Shuaige came to the school to explore at night in the evening.
Of course, ZHANG EBA does not believe this kind of ghost and god, but Zhao Shuai strongly persuaded ZHANG EBA.And who bets with ZHANG EBA who is afraid of going home first is the gall, and must promise the other party's three conditions unconditionally.In the end, ZHANG EBA was persuaded by Zhao Shuai, and said that he would call Lin Xiaohua and Lin Xiaohua's good friend Hao Guimi.
In fact, you don't believe this legend. If there is really a ghost in this world, it is also ZHANG EBA, and he is the real devil.But you think this is an opportunity. If ZHANG EBA died unexpectedly at this trial conference, then you can get rid of his magic claw forever.So you decide to plan how to make this accident.ZHANG EBA has grown evil in your heart and is destined to bloom from the magic flowers.
[Zhongyuan Festival, 11 pm]
You gathered at the back door of the school. You and LI XIAODI opened the door of the old teaching building. The group went to the 4th floor. There are two stairs two stairs in the teaching building.I didn't find that the steps were one more step.ZHANG EBA was a little impatient and wanted to go back.Zhao Shuai said that we will try the next one. Let ’s try the next. The group of people agree, and ZHANG EBA nodded.
At 11:15, the group came to the biological room on the 4th floor, and ZHANG EBA ordered you to check the faucet.You want to have a chance, you secretly pinch the blood bag prepared in advance, pretend to be scared to open the water faucet, the whole room only takes the flashlight, as long as the hand is bleeding, no one will pay attention to the faucet.Bleeding.You stretch your hand to the faucet and squeeze the blood bag at the same time.
Sure enough, Lin Xiaohua screamed immediately, blood!You also shouted by the opportunity, and then threw the flashlight to the ground and destroyed. As soon as there was no light, everyone called.You heard the sound of everyone's scared escape, and you ran out, just hiding in the door of the biological room on the 4th floor, squatting there and pretending to be very scared.
You know that ZHANG EBA will not be afraid at all, just take the opportunity to make a chance to get along alone.ZHANG EBA also went out after being in the dark.See you at the door, so I puzzled you and asked you to go to the music room on the 5th floor with him.ZHANG EBA said, the timid ghost Zhao Shuai was frightened and ran away. You and me go to see that Beethoven. I want to see if his eyes really move. If I will move, I dig out his eyesI won this gambling game.You pretend to be very scared, in fact, you secretly intend to secretly turn your hands in the music room.
At 11:20, ZHANG EBA and you went to the music room on the 5th floor. ZHANG EBA asked you to use your mobile phone to take the Beethoven's avatar.You have prepared a handkerchief with a strong coma, and you are going to stunned him and push him to the building.This powerful coma is only obtained from the hard time you spend it from the black market.
When you were ready to do, Li Xiaodi and Hao Guimi suddenly came in.Li Xiaodi diligently gave Zhang Eba a bottle of water and praised ZHANG EBA.After Zhang Eba drank the water, Hao Guimi pulled Zhang Eba aside and whispered.ZHANG EBA instructed Li Xiaodi to go to the second floor to check the toilet, and then Zhang Eba and Hao Guimi walked closely.
So Li Xiaodi and you came to the second floor toilet. Li Xiaodi felt that it was idle and idle. I proposed to see if the last grid of the toilet can be opened.At this time, the last grid of the toilet suddenly came from a woman's cry. Through the window through the window, the pale moonlight, you saw that the door of the toilet was slowly opened, and a woman's pale hand slowly stretched out of it from it.EssenceLi xiaodi screamed and scared away, and the two of them ran towards different places.
Stunning, you are going to continue your own actions, but you think that the biological room has blood. If you are dead, you will definitely investigate. If you find this fake blood bag, you will inevitably be suspected if you do your hands and feet, so you go first first.Wipe the blood in the biological room, rush to the water pipe to the water pipe, and then leave the old teaching building.

11:45, you left the old teaching building, but you don't know where ZHANG EBA went, so you walked in front of the principal statue because you met in front of the principal statue at midnight before, you want to see ZHANG EBANot there.When you walk halfway, you suddenly see a black shadow rushed from the direction of the dead well to the small woods.It may be ZHANG EBA, so you turn around and walk towards the dry well.
At 11:50, you reach the dry well, because the horror legend you dare not see it in the dry well, just see that there is nothing near the dry well, and you can leave without even the dry well.
At 11:55, you came to the statue and saw LI XIAODI, Hao Guimi and Lin Xiaohua.You said you have been staying in the biological room, and no one can see it.At 12 o'clock, Zhao Shuaige also came. He said that ZHANG EBA is left now, we are not here, we will wait for him for a while.
At the midnight, you are waiting for ZHANG EBA in front of the statue. At this time, you can see a black shadow coming from the school.The voice of "wow la la", and when I stepped towards you, it was obviously not ZHANG EBA.At this time, Zhao Shuaige said, is it the seventh person who is extra.Lin XiaoHua immediately screamed and shouted to ghosts!Everyone was frightened and ran away, and went home from the back door.
As a result, the news of ZHANG EBA came from the next day, and you were summoned as a suspect ...