Zhao shuaige

When you are young, your family is very poor. You are paralyzed and sick all year round. Grandma who is in bed is almost the same every day. This huge medical expenses drag your family.Your mother quit his job to take care of his grandmother, and his father made money to make money outside.Grandma often tells you stories on the bedside.But the poor but harmonious life did not take long, and the mother decided to divorce your father because he couldn't stand this poor life.Later, you learned that the mother had left with a rich man. The rich man said that he could marry her and give her a sum of money to take care of your family, but asked her not to bring her sonRich people also have a son similar to you.
Since the mother left, the father has been very depressed and often borrowed from wine, and her grandmother died because no one took good care of it.Then his father was like changing a person, and often went out and went home.Until one day, my father was dressed up and was ready to go out. I explained a lot before walking, and I went out without hugging you.That was the last time you saw a living father, that year you were ten years old.Three days later, a group of people carried their father's corpses, and some insurance claims came around at your house.
My father bought a insurance for himself, and the beneficiary was you.The days when my father went out was the illusion of making an unexpected death. You got the huge amount of claims, but you can freely control the money when you are 16 years old.Before you are adult, you must live in a distant relative's house.
Relatives in the distance are pretty good to you, and you feel warm at this home.You have a very complicated feelings for your mother. Although you resent her away from home, you know that she is to get the money to take care of you, but the result is not as good as everyone.If you want to have the ability in the future, you can let your mother come back to live, then it will be better.
When you were in high school, he saw his mother in front of a mansion.The mother is getting a young man who is similar to you to get on the car. The mother smiled at all kinds of flattering, but the boy was impatient, and finally pushed a mother in the car.You asked his school and his name through that teenager's school uniform.His name is Zhang Eba, and he is the small bully of this school.ZHANG EBA's mother -in -law, that is, your mother, is also very violent, and often breathe her, and even moves her feet.You are very angry after hearing this news, and this person dares to bully your mother.You can't take care of your mother, but you can deal with this zhang eba and make him honest.
You know, you and him have such a big force, and it is impossible to deal with him at all. Only one way is to get the same university as him and find opportunities to get close to him.After Zhan Eba went to college, you re -entered the same university as a year as him for a year, and entered the school as a student who was low.
With the money you left to you, you disguised yourself as a rich second -generation, successfully approached ZHANG EBA and became a good friend with him.And Zhan Eba's unknown wife Lin Xiaohua has also become your classmate.Lin Xiaohua is very beautiful. Originally, you started from her. Once you saw her squatting on the ground and crying, although you don't know why, you still come forward to comfort and want to be almost.But then you discovered that ZHANG EBA was not attentive to the fiancee, so you gave up.But this Lin Xiaohua likes you very much. He has secretly wrote a love letter to you, but for the time being revenge, you have to pretend to be friends with ZHANG EBA for the time being, and you will see the good things about Lin Xiaohua.
One day you learned from the school that the school has always circulated a horror legend "the seven unbelievable incidents of the H major campus."You decided to use this legend to bet with ZHANG EBA, and let him come out to find the opportunity to kill him at night to camouflage into a curse and die.So you go to ZHANG EBA the day before July 14th.You persuaded ZHANG EBA to take risks together in the evening of the Chinese Yuan Festival, and bet with him who if you are afraid of going home, even if you lose, you need to promise the other party's three requirements unconditionally.
[Zhongyuan Festival at 11 pm]
You and a group of 6 people gathered at the back door of the school.You noticed that Lin Xiaohua was wearing very beautiful today, and he also drew exquisite makeup and peek at you from time to time.But how can your mind kill ZHANG EBA tonight and secretly send Qiu Bo at the Lin Xiaohua.
Wang Xuexi and Li Xiaodi opened the door of the old teaching building. The group went to the 4th floor. There were two stairs in the east and west heads of the teaching building.Step.ZHANG EBA was a little impatient and wanted to go back.You hurriedly said that we will try the next unrestrained. Let's agree with the group, and ZHANG EBA nods.
At 11:15, the group came to the biological room on the 4th floor, and ZHANG EBA ordered Wang Xuexi to check the faucet.Wang Xuexi was afraid of trembling and opened the faucet and stretched his hands to touch the water. When he retracted his hand, he had a blood red.At this time Lin Xiaohua yelled, blood!Wang Xuexi also screamed, and scared the flashlight on his hand to the ground, and the flashlight immediately went out.After everyone fell into the darkness, you heard everyone frightened and escaped, and you ran out.You want to go to the sixth legend to set up a trap at the time when everyone is panicked, and then deceive ZHANG EBA to kill.You have inspected all the horror legends, where it is most suitable for starting.
At 11:20, you came to the dead well.You prepared a big stone to put it by the well, ready to push him down, and then kill him with the stone.
At 11:25, when you arrive at the old teaching building, you see that there is a classroom upstairs and a weak light.Then you walked upstairs, but saw Li Xiaodi hiding in the corner on the third floor.You took a picture of li xiaodi's shoulder from behind, and Li Xiaodi seemed to be scared.You asked about the whereabouts of ZHANG EBA, Li Xiaodi told you that ZHANG EBA and Hao Guimi went to the forest, so you went downstairs to the small woods.
At 11:30, you only saw Hao Guimi when you arrived at the forest. Hao Guimi sneaky seemed to be doing something. Seeing you greeted you panicked, but you didn't think about Hao Guimi directly asking ZHANG EBA's whereabouts.Hao Guimi said that Zhang Eba suddenly shouted "Don't kill me" like crazy and ran to the old teaching building.Because you came from the old teaching building, you did n’t hear the sound and did n’t see anyone. He thought about whether ZHANG EBA went to the dry well, so you ran to the dead well again.
At 11:40, Zhao Shuai arrived at the end of the dry well and found ZHANG EBA sitting on the ground by the dead well. His eyes stared straight ahead, and he couldn't move.Weird, it was startled you.You pushed him bravely, but he fell to the ground and still didn't move. You touched his carotid artery and found that he was dead.
This makes you feel strange, but his sin is deserved. It is not strange for a few people to kill him.But after all, you are here. In case you are discovered, you are too suspicious.So you still throw his body into the well.Then you rush to the principal's statue, because of the legend at 12 o'clock, you have to gather there, you have to find a way to scare them away, let them not let them dry, and let the matter be a little longer.Essence
So you walk around the door guard from the new teaching building, knock on the window of the door guard room, and then run away, trying to cheat the door guard to patrol.The gatekeeper of your school is an old man with a humpback and bad legs and feet. From a distance, it looks like a clock tower monster. This dark and dark night looks scary.It was almost 12 o'clock after doing these. Zhao Shuaige walked from a small forest to the front of the principal, pretending to be from the direction of the old teaching building.In front of Zhao Shuai, he saw Li Xiaodi, WANG XUEXI, Lin Xiaohua, and Hao Guimi.If you pretend to know nothing, you can say that ZHANG EBA hasn't come to gather, and proposed to wait here to wait for a while.
There are more than 5 o'clock at midnight and waiting for ZHANG EBA in front of the statue. At this time, I saw a black shadow coming from the school door.The voice of the wow, and the end of the ending towards you.Zhao Shuai knows that this is the gatekeeper, but it is really scary to see this dark shadow from a distance.So you yelled, is it the seventh person who is extra.Lin XiaoHua immediately screamed and shouted to ghosts!Everyone was frightened and ran away, and went home from the back door.
The next day, the news of ZHANG EBA's death came, and you were summoned as a suspect ...