Chief Wang
The village where Chief Wang is located is in the mountains outside the South City of National A, and it is very poor. It takes a dozen miles of mountain roads to go to the nearby city. It is difficult to go to the rain road, which is almost completely separated from the outside world.Chief Wang is very supported by the villagers. Chief Wang says that villagers are regarded as imperial decree.There is only one exception in the village, that is, ZHANG VILLAGER, ZHANG VILLERGER's early family changes, became orphans, and have been lonely since then, but they would not make trouble. Chief Wang didn't care about him.
In the back, Chief Wang is actually the richest person in the village. The poverty of this village has nothing to do with Chief Wang, or it has nothing to do with Chief Wang's family.Starting from a certain generation of Chief Wang, the village chief in the village has been held by the Wang family.When Chief Wang asked his father's method of governing the village when he was young, his father said a paragraph that made Chief Wang can't forget it for a long time:
"You have to remember, the clever person is not good, and the stupid person can be played by you. Who will be stupid? If you have money, don't worry about eating and wear, you will have kung fu and study. This kind of person can not be stupid.The more stupid, the more stupid people are. People are so poor that they only want to be starved to death tomorrow. Can he think of something else? Can he not let them go poor and let them thisI don't know what the world is like in my life, and make them become a animal that you are raised by you. The life of their birth is to support you, that's all. "
Chief Wang finally understood the secrets of the Wang family's "rule" in this village for many years. He thought of those poor villagers who live like a walking dead, but they did not sympathize without sympathy.No one does not like the feeling of power. In this village, the king family is the emperor and God.After Chief Wang took office, every time he went out of the village to take the villagers' sweaty money to spend the sky, he felt that there was too little money. Therefore, he started to open a casino in the village and invented some easy -to -understand, and there was a lot of cheating space.The gambling method, sitting in the village by himself, searched for the only money left by these villagers.After all, this group of people who have been limited by poverty are really easy to control.
Because the village is isolated from the outside world, the villagers will not speak the outside language, do not know what it looks like outside, and no one has the ability to find any wrong place.
However, some changes have occurred in 2030, which is the tenth year of Chief Wang.There were suddenly some people in the village, saying what poverty alleviation was sent in the city.This is so good. Poverty is the only weapon of the Wang family's ruling village.The poverty alleviation group gave a form to Chief Wang, and asked him to collect information about the villagers and declare it in the city.Chief Wang meets with a smile on the surface, and when people leave, they will put the watch aside and ignore it anymore.From then on, some businessmen in the village also said that they would have to invest in this investment by Chief Wang for various reasons. Some charity giving money was naturally swallowed by Chief Wang.
In February 2032, there were two non -speed guests in the village, one was Officer Li and the other was Hu Investigate.Officer Li said that he was here to handle the case and need to be hidden in the village to investigate something. Hu Investigate said that he was a poverty alleviation project in the city and came to collect information.This makes Chief Wang anxious. These two people are like a time -like bomb, and I don't know what will cause themselves to cause themselves.The only moat now is that the language is unreasonable.Chief Wang acts as a translation between Hu Investigate and villagers. In fact, he told Hu Investigate.As for the police, I have been living deeply, and Chief Wang cannot contact.
In April 2032, there was another person in the village. It was Zhao Cishan. Unlike the charity in the past, he did not just raise a donation, but to invest in the factory in the village. In fact, it was no different from the previous investors.Chief Wang deal with him like other investors.Most people inspected a lap and found that the village had no development potential, but after Zhao Cishan looked around, he decided to stop and investigate for a long time.He said that he is not those businessmen, and he does charity. The more you close the poor places, the more he has to rescue.Chief Wang is anxious again, but people are outside the person outside. They can't perform wrong, or if they go out, they will break the sky.He checked the law, and these things he did in the village was not enough to shot ten times and eight times.
In early May 2032, Zhao Cishan and Chief Wang said that he had already investigated it and prepared to go back on May 15th and send someone to develop it.Chief Wang was so bad that he persuaded him.Who knows that zhao cishan immediately clamped the table and scolded: the rigids you do, don't think I don't know what it is.You still have a face to stop me, tell you, wait for you to go back to eat a gun!
Chief Wang turned his head, and he knew that it was over.For many years of life, and the feeling of enjoying power, it is not allowed to be destroyed by anyone. This zhao cishan, toasting without eating penalty wine, Chief Wang has only one way.

May 14, 2032
This day is the last day before Zhao Cishan's leaving, and it is too late to do it.At 9:30 that day, Chief Wang came to Zhao Cishan's residence with a lantern.This was actually Chief Wang's own house, which was temporarily lent to Zhao Cishan.
After arriving at the place, the room was dark, and no shadow of Zhao Cishan was found.At this time, Chief Wang thought that the house had a basement, and the entrance was under the bedroom bed. It was left by Chief Wang's previous generation to cover this house. However, the reason why the basement was built.
Chief Wang opened the bedboard and dragged the lantern. Sure enough, he found Zhao Cishan. He was still lying on the ground, facing down, and could not see who it was.Zhao Cishan found him, holding a wooden stick in his hand, waved desperately, and said not to come over, don't come over.Chief Wang didn't know what stimulation he had suffered, but he thought he would deceive him first.He comforted Zhao Cishan, let him calm down, and gradually, Zhao Cishan was no longer like it just now.Chief Wang went on to say that he was thinking clearly and was willing to receive Zhao Cishan's rescue, hoping to talk about related matters with him.

Zhao Cishan heard it, and then he was willing to come out. Chief Wang helped him to the chair.Turning to Chief Wang poured a glass of water for ZHao Cishan, and then poured the pesticide he had prepared in the water cup and handed it to him.Zhao Cishan drank the water, just breathe two breaths, and immediately felt wrong.This is a fierce pesticide, a small cup can poison a cow.Looking at Zhao Cishan, who fell on the ground and stared at him, Chief Wang smiled, and left without returning.
When I got home, Chief Wang remembered that there was still a person in the basement.Chief Wang scolds himself confused, but after all, it is a murderer. How can you not be excited?It is unrealistic to go back at this time. Chief Wang simply does not know, and it has passed.
Branch task (complete +10 points): Hide your own poverty control to control the heart of people's hearts
hint:
1. You are a murderer. Do not take the initiative to say that you are in the village, especially the gambling game, otherwise you will basically be unable to get off your sins.Don't worry about Zhang Villager, he is a weird person, and he has nothing to know about the village.
2. The timeline of the night did not coincide with anyone. I suggest you meet the time to meet with Zhao Cishan until 9 pm, and do not mention the basement, so that when others see him, you are still alive, which can greatly reduce you.Suspect.
3.The deceased may leave some information that is not good for you