Hu Investigate
Hu Investigate is a researchman in the South City of Guo A, who has been studying the poor from a long time ago.He found that an important theorem is where the poorer, the more people's minds will be, as if they are sitting in the well, and it is easy to add to bad habits such as gambling poison.Relying on this theorem, he divided poverty alleviation into two parts: economic support and knowledge support, and made great contributions in poverty alleviation.
In February 2032, Hu Investigate found a very poor village in the mountains outside Nancheng.This village has no connection with the outside world. Everyone in the village says dialects that they do not understand. Only the village Chief Wang can speak Mandarin.He immediately lived in the village and regarded the village as an important research object.
Because of the unreasonable language, very serious obstacles have appeared in popular knowledge, and they can only be conveyed by village chiefs.But the villagers still looked at it, and the ignorance revealed in her eyes made Hu Investigate very headache.
Before Hu Investigate came, there was another person from outside the village living inside, which was Office Li.Officer Li comes to perform a secret task and cannot disclose the content.But after all, they are people in the system, and they usually communicate frequently.
But in April, another person in the village called Zhao Cishan.Hu Investigate has heard of this person long ago. He opened a factory around the poverty -stricken areas. The surface poverty alleviation was actually given very much. It was completely squeezing poverty.There is no way to take him.
Hu Investigate has always been very sympathetic to the poor, and he is not used to people like Zhao Cishan.Since this man hit the door, Hu Investigate decided to find evidence so that he couldn't turn his body.After some inspections, he finally recorded a period of Zhao Cishan instructed his wages that arrears poor employees, and illegally recording the employees who worked overtime without compensation.But after recording the sound, I accidentally made a little movement and was discovered by Zhao Cishan.
Zhao Cishan found him and saw his recording pen, and immediately forced Hu Investigate to hand over the recording.If Hu Investigate can succumb to prostitution, he will not come to do it with him from the beginning.He was unwilling to hand in, and Zhao Cishan did not follow the class. He could only threaten him with a word and said, "You are amazing, I hope you don't regret it."
Just as Hu Investigate was about to hand over the recording, Zhao Cishan found him and watched him a video. He was two sons of Hu Investigate, tied to a chair, crying at the camera.Hu Investigate immediately blushed, but Zhao Cishan was calm, deleted the video, and then told Hu Investigate that if he did not hand over the recording, the consequences were at your own risk.
Hu Investigate returned home, which was very painful, and after careful thinking, he knew that things were not so simple.Hu Investigate is not stupid. He knows what this kind of person is like. When the recording is handed over, there is no handle in his hand. After he does not know when he will explode, he will be Zhao Cishan's heart thorns.And Zhao Cishan must be unplugged.I began to regret providing such a person and involved their young son.I am not afraid of death, but my son means that everything must be protected.If you want to protect your son, there is only one way left for Hu Investigate.
May 14, 2032
Hu Investigate heard that Zhao Cishan will leave tomorrow, which is the last chance for his implementation.HU Investigate, who had never done any bad things, was very embarrassed, but the love for his son could make the father pay any price.He decided to grab Zhao Cishan first, forced him to say the position of his son, and then completely solved him.
At 9:25 pm, Hu Investigate left the residence and came to Zhao Cishan's home.The door was not locked, the room was dark, and nothing could be seen.Hu Investigate thought Zhao Cishan was asleep and quietly came to the bedroom.The bedroom door was not closed, and HU Investigate took out the prepared fruit knife as a tense mood.The house is so big, there are no other Tibetan people.Hu Investigate was still afraid, and he had a good excuse to comfort himself, and he left hurriedly.
At 9:40 pm, Hu Investigate tossed around at the residence, and felt that he couldn't give up so easily, otherwise his family may be implicated.He picked up the lantern and went to Zhao Cishan's residence again.On the way, Hu Investigate met Zhang Villager.When I arrived at Zhao Cishan's house and opened the door again, I found that Zhao Cishan was lying on the ground. His mouth vomited blood and was terrifying. It was already dead.Hu Investigate was relieved, and there was no need to pay the price, and he didn't have to pay the price.
