Officer li
Officer Li received an order from a superior at the end of 2030 to investigate the Murderer incident that has recently made a storm in the south city of National A.According to the return of all parties, this South City Murderer has committed a dozen crimes. After each killing, the victim's index finger and middle finger will be cut, and the victims are people with better family members.However, recently, because of the strengthening of residents' awareness, Murderer was difficult to hand. It has been disappeared for a long time. The investigation was once in a deadlock.
In February 2032, accidental opportunities, OFFICER Li found a small mountain village outside the South City. The mountain village was very poor and there was no decent way.Only one person in the mountain village can speak Mandarin, which is Chief Wang.After the obscure asked by Office Li, he didn't ask any useful clues, but he always felt that there was some weird in this village.All the villagers have no eyes in their eyes, just like the manipulated walking corpse, and there is no hope that a little person should have. In the memory of Office Li, people with such eyes have such eyes, and only the death penalty waiting for death in prisons is a prison criminal who is waiting for death to death in prison.Just.
It was noticed that the strange Officer Li decided to live in the village to investigate for a while. The village was too poor, and the electricity was not connected. The communication equipment he carried with him soon had no electricity.You can only go to the city to purchase supplies.When I went to the city at one time, the girlfriend of Office Li contacted him, saying that he was worried about his safety and hoped to be with him.Officer Li is helpless. I really want to meet danger. What can girls help?But his girlfriend was too stubborn, but he couldn't help but let her follow the mountain village.
In February, a poverty alleviation investigator sent in the city outside the village. People in the same system can always talk about two sentences.This man is called Hu Investigate. It has been a long time to study the poverty of country A, but he said that even so, he rarely encountered villages with poor poverty.Hu Investigate told him that there is an important theorem in the study of poor people, that is, the poorer, the more people's minds will be more unobstructed. This village is a typical phenomenon, and people have no wisdom in their eyes.Poverty alleviation in this place is extremely difficult to do.
In the village, Office Li often uses various means to investigate people's behavior. However, because the dialects in the village do not understand at all, it is difficult to get useful clues.Officer Li just found that at night, there were always some residents who went to the village chief's house for three or two, and left for a long time.
In April, there was another person in the village, Zhao Cishan.Somehow, shortly after Zhao Cishan came, Hu Investigate became no original talk, and often dazed in the village.When Officer Li was just aware of something wrong, when he was ready to comfort HU Investigate, an Office Li had no time to take care of other things -his girlfriend was missing!
My girlfriend will definitely not lose it. The more of the Office Li knows, the more you can't shock the snake. In addition, the village is so strange that the OFFICER Li is alert, for fear of letting the human girlfriend tear up.
But how to investigate, I couldn't find a little clue.At this moment, his girlfriend was back, his eyes were empty and his clothes were tattered.Officer Li didn't ask much, but silently hugged his girlfriend.Girls' friendship seemed to have returned to God, cried out loud, and choked and said, "Zhao Cishan, this demon! He is not human!" Office Li understood everything.
After his girlfriend was tired, she gradually slept, and she must have never had a good rest for so many days.Officer li hurts for a while.He went to prepare some food for his girlfriend, but when he returned, his girlfriend committed suicide on the beam.
Zhao cishan, zhao cishan, zhao cishan!
Officer li was red. He had left everything behind the police. What he thought of was only one thing in his heart, that is, Zhao Cishan crushed the corpse.Officer Li brought his girlfriend's body down the mountain and gave it to her parents, and then returned alone to get revenge for his girlfriend.
【May 14, 2032】
Officer li inquired, Zhao Cishan will leave tomorrow, this is his last chance.He was full of revenge, wiped himself with a gun repeatedly, installed the muffler, and got up to Zhao Cishan's home.
At 9:10, Office Li came to Zhao Cishan's residence. He opened the door and Zhao Cishan was reading in the room.Zhao Cishan looked up and saw him, as if he was scared by himself, and he had a ghost in his heart, threw the book as soon as he pulled his legs.Officer Li took out a pistol. He was so excited that his hands trembled, and he didn't hit a few shots.And Zhao Cishan had hid in the bedroom and locked the door.
Officer Li kicked the bedroom door in one foot, but the bedroom was empty, and the window was open.Officer Li turned out of the window and looked around, but did not find the shadow of Zhao Cishan.Officer li has some regrets. Now I can get revenge when I can get revenge.But it doesn't matter, he can't get revenge, and there is a law to sanction him. As for whether he will have the consequences of the impulse, he no longer cares.After thinking about this, Office Li was more at ease.
Side task (complete +10 points): Find the clue of Murderer in the village and find clear evidence or reason.