Zhang villager
In 2015, ZHANG VILLERGER was born in a small village in the mountains in the southern city of National A.Of course he knew this.For a long time, he didn't know that there were still people living outside the mountain.
Until 2022, his father accidentally went outside Dashan to help Chief Wang work. After returning, he brought back a lot of money and told him that there were all kinds of good things outside.His father also took him out of the mountain, but that time, they were inexplicably caught by a group of people who were evil in the street. The father kneeled in front of the group and begged him, but he was beaten.The middle finger was blinded.The 7 -year -old Zhang Villa could not stand such bloody stimuli and fainted.When Zhan Villager woke up, his father lay on the ground weakly, dying.The father was weak and full of grievances that rich people are not good things, all damn, all damn!ZHANG VILLAGER couldn't forget the twisted face and two blood -paste eyes before his father's death.He flipped through his father's body and found only one piece of paper. He couldn't understand the words on the paper, and he was on his body. He was young and pushed back to the village with his will and patience.He retrieved the village, and his mother died when he was born. No one raised him, so he began to live by some wild fruit and wild vegetables.He made a volunteer to kill all the rich people what his father said.
Since 2030, Zhang Villager, 15, has been a strong guy.He started to perform his own plan, and he went outside, but he couldn't tell who had money, so he asked those people with beautiful houses to investigate and find that if this person often goes in and out of some luxurious places, it must be rich people.It, ZHANG VILLAGER will kill this person and cut off their two fingers, that is, the index finger and middle finger of the father.At first, the plan was smooth. After killing people, he could eat and drink at home for two days. He found that the people outside were thousands of times stronger than the village.But he did not have the effort to enjoy, and he had to fulfill his volunteers.
But gradually, he found that the people outside became alert, the doors and windows locks tightly. He did not have a chance, and he could only "hunt" a rich person for a long time.
In February 2032, there were two people in the village. After living, ZHANG VILLAGER did not control it.But another person came in April, attracting his attention, because this person is very similar to those rich people outside, and this person is called Zhao Cishan.ZHANG VILLAGER began to investigate him, but he lived in the village with no signs.During this time, one of the two people outside the village always followed him sneakyly, and the other would take the initiative to talk to him.ZHANG VILLAGER couldn't say that it was translated by Chief Wang. Asked what he usually did, ZHANG VILLAGER just staged it.Later, ZHANG VILLAGER knew that the man who followed him was Office Li, and what he talked to him was Hu Investigate.
After some investigation, Zhang Villager finally found a lot of money at Zhao Cishan's residence.He knew that Zhao Cishan was a rich man, and he would kill him as usual.
May 14, 2032
That night, Zhang Villager was ready to do it.He went to Zhao Cishan's residence with the firewood he had used.At about 9:5:00, Zhang Villager came to the place.The killing has always made him a wise beast, and he will always lurk in the dark and wait for the best time.No exception now.
Zhao Cishan's home was lit with a candlelight, and he must not sleep yet.Zhang Villager hid in the bushes outside Zhao Cishan's residence, waiting for "prey" to fall asleep.
At 9:10, someone entered Zhao Cishan's house. It was too dark at night and could not see anything.After this man opened the door, he walked in. After a while, there was a very hard knocking door. After a while, a figure came from behind the house.I can't see who the man is, and the man didn't come back after walking away.
At 9:15, ZHANG VILLAGER felt that the time was mature and entered the house.There are still candles in the room, and the door of the bedroom is also open. ZHANG VILLAGER closed the door, blowing off the candle, and stomping towards the bedroom.There was no one in the bedroom. The window was opened. Zhang Villager turned around, but found that the bedboard could be opened, and there was a hole underneath.Zhang Villager jumped in in both words. Before he stood up, he got a bit on his head and passed out.
When Zhang Villager woke up again, he didn't know what time it was. He touched it, and the firewood knife inserted on his waist was still there.He pushed the bedboard and climbed out. When he got out of the bedroom, he found that someone was lying on his stomach, but he didn't breathe. When he approached, it was Zhao Cishan that he vomited a lot of blood and was dead.ZHANG VILLAGER has no emotional fluctuations. Since it is not killed by itself, the "loot" will not be taken, so ZHANG VILLAGER leaves straight.
On the way back, ZHANG VILLAGER met a person and was holding a lantern. With light, he saw that Hu Investigate.
Branch task (completion +10 points): It is still a matter of not being actively exposed to exposing himself, and it is still completed by analysis.
hint:
1. Due to outside field factors, the suspect living in the village is you and Chief Wang, which will make you very difficult to hide the truth of Murderer.It is recommended that you say that you have nothing to do with Murderer, and Murderer may be the others in the village.