Character introduction:
You are a very talented surgeon.You have published many articles, researching all over the country, and have been well -known worldwide.You work in the emergency room because you are facing challenges and demanding high spiritual concentration, and the salary is extremely high.In short, your career is completely successful, but personal life is not the case.
You are a religious, but you don't stick to your faith too much, so it seems that bad luck has always been entangled with your family.Five years ago, your wife died of dilated cardiomyopathy and myocardial weakness.You take care of her carefully, but you can only watch her out of breath.Until the end, you still hope she can perform heart transplantation (the only way of life -saving).Unfortunately, no matter the long -term transplantation list or it is difficult to find a heart suitable for transplantation, it makes the hope of heart transplantation unpredictable until it is shattered.However, you still insist on practicing the technique of heart transplant surgery for your wife.Due to the death of your wife, you have to learn to raise your son Scott alone.
You have noticed that the death of your wife has affected your job: you treat your subordinates and those colleagues who you think you are not as good as your own.In addition, you reduce the number of operations.Although you have some runaway (out of control), you are still one of the best surgeons in the country!While your reputation declines slightly, your colleague thinks that you have fallen from genius to just a good surgeon.At the same time, Hans Li Morette attracted much attention in the surgery world.He not only focuses on the theory of surgery, but also has a solid method of method, and he has a pair of hands that are naturally suitable for surgery.He often assisted you to complete the surgery, and the extraordinary qualifications impressed you.But then again, should he be born to be an outstanding surgeon?Seven years ago, he was your intern.You are the teacher who taught him everything, this should be your merit.But because of your arrogance in this field, I think that you can maintain the attitude of the industry for a long time, making you a little jealous of Hans Li Morette, which is your disadvantage.
These days, medical magazines have continuously talked about Hans Li Morette talent, but the article has forgotten what to mention your important influence on his career.But it doesn't matter, because Hans can never surpass your excellence.
After your wife's death, your performance has declined slightly, but at the same time, you are more firm in your belief.Your faith allows you to get out of the haze, gradually recover and reach the pinnacle of skills.
Unfortunately, the second terrible incident subverts your life again.In December last year, your only son Scott became a victim of a motorcycle accident. He was quickly sent to the emergency room, and the doctor at the time was Hans Li Morette.You learned that the accident immediately moved to the hospital, but unfortunately it was too late ... Your son died.Dr. Hans has tried his best to treat it. He explained that when Scott was sent to the emergency room, he was seriously ill, and subsequent rescue was unsuccessful.You read the medical report and even checked your son's body in person. Obviously, Hans Li Morette has no fault, but you cannot accept this result.You even believe that if Hans is as good as you, he will definitely save Scott.What you think is incredible that this person who has been rated by everyone as the next great surgeon in the United States after himself cannot save your poor son.
You didn't tell anyone that your world has collapsed.During that time, you started to drink.At the beginning, just drinking at night, just to fall asleep, and then started drinking even during the day.It is self -evident that alcoholism has begun to affect your work.Your sadness drowned your progress in medical care.Although you work hard to keep your face, your attitude towards colleagues has become more rude, especially those nurses and doctors who you think are becoming more and more unreliable.As for Hans Li Morette, you have hardly communicated with him ...
When you are in despair, you often talk to Father Tom, visiting the Brighton Hospital.He accepted your explanation in the gap between the two patients.You told him everything -two misfortunes, alcoholism, and your increasing disgust to Hans.Tom tried his best to comfort you. With his suggestion, you participated in a "ten -step treatment plan" guided by a mental doctor.RecentNow the only thing you pay attention to is only one thing, which is your skillful surgical skills.You have set a goal for yourself: the best and the best.New life has beckoned to you.
Six months ago, Dean Berkeley arranged you a new intern, Carter.So you start to deal with him and try to quickly make him your favorite "activity project".You give him a large number of dirty, tedious and exhaustive tasks, but never allow him to enter the operating room to observe the internship.You think Carter is too mediocre, you can't stand working with such mediocre people.He doesn't know much about you, he has a slow response, not careful, and sometimes dreamed of during the day.You think he is completely worth your time to cultivate, although he has the opportunity to become the best surgeon in the world!Carter is not worth your finger at all!You plan to talk to Berkeley about this ...
tonight
As usual, you have saved the lives of two or three patients again, and once again proved your status on the king on the operating table.At the same time, you will be unbearable again.To be sure, Carter has proven his incompetence and makes you unbearable anymore.You intend to use the opportunity of the dean to check in the emergency room to try to let him throw Carter to other doctors to teach.Unfortunately, Hans' death and hostage hijacking broke your small plan.
Character Relationships:
Hans Li Morette: You have been angry with him for the death of your son, but you have tried to forget it recently.However, you rarely talk to him, but that is because you think he is a competitor to become the "best surgeon".Nevertheless, you don't have the idea of killing him.
Drake Li Morette: There are fewer talents than his brother Hans, so it is even worse than your talent.But his understanding of himself is clear, which is why he takes into account the study of medical and laboratory research.You are more inclined to think that he is an excellent pharmaceutical researcher, not an outstanding surgeon.
Eleine Carter: Your intern.Smelling is bored, his incompetence makes it difficult for you to understand every day.You try not to blame him as much as possible, but it is difficult to do in the process of medical study.You hope he will make progress in sharpening, but it seems that he is not born to be an excellent doctor.
Dean Berkeley: You have little contact with him.This is the first time you have seen him in the emergency department in recent years.He threw Kate for you, which proves that he is a manager and not a duty doctor.You plan to ask him to get rid of this mediocre intern.
Head Nurse Costa: You are rude and rude to her.why?Because she was just a nurse, and the nurse was only assigned to the doctor as an assistant.But you must admit that the position of her nurses is deserved.
Father Tom: You often see him appearing on TV shows, but you can't understand how he executes the sacred trace.It is hard to understand that he miraculously cured some patients with illness and illness and even dying.Maybe he really has talent and is a magical existence.You talk to him and let him know your hatred and understanding of Hans.But now Hans is dead, maybe you should explain to Tom that you have never killed anyone.
Gale Li Morette: Hans' wife, she is a lawyer and is pregnant, you know little about her.You have never seen a kidnapper before.

You must be public
There are some truths here you must be carefully disclosed in the communication with the player.When other players mention these topics, you must do this
1. Speaking of unfortunate coming in your life is to talk about God
2. You can't stand incompetence because you think you are one of the top ten outstanding surgeons in the world.You work in a private clinic of the emergency room rather than the rich, because of the stimulus and challenges in the emergency room.
3. You boast that you have never experienced medical errors in your 20 years of career
4. You believe that there is no unable to save patients, even if he stops breathing.
5. You admit that you have seen a psychologist (for some reason, this is only related to you)