Congratulations, you are the corpse!
Character introduction:
Don't be surprised, this is easy to explain.You use the tragedy of the twin brother Drake Li morette, and you are Hans Li Morette.You didn't kill him, but you did replace him.You have successfully asked everyone to think that the dead one is Hans.However, you do have the motivation to replace your brother.
You and Drake are twins, and you were born three minutes earlier than him.From your childhood, Drake has been imitating your every move: you bought a bicycle, he will also buy it; you just dumped a girl, and he will ask her to go out next week; you decide to be a doctor, No. 1He also had the same wish for two days.For a long time, the more or less things you have been your idol have been proud of you.But the only problem is that Drake does not have the same talent like you, and there is always a three -minute gap with you.
In 2002, you started medical study.Naturally, Drake also embarked on this road, and you chose the most difficult surgery in medicine.Drake lacks the courage and talent that a surgeon should have. When you realize this, you suggest that he specializes in research.Drake, as always, follows your requirements.Since childhood, you have never been separated. Although sometimes you have a cold and hard attitude towards him, you still love this brother deep in your heart.
Soon, under the guidance of Andre Dr. Paloski, you started the internship of the surgeon, which is not easy.For intern, Dr. Paloski is undoubtedly difficult to get along.But after his guidance, you have completed the study with the best results in the whole class.The same learning is more difficult and annoyed for Drake, but with your help, he still becomes a doctor.After that, you decided to work in the emergency department of Birmingham Hospital because that tense atmosphere made you feel excited.In order to keep Drake staying with you, you successfully convinced the hospital's chief administrator Richard Berkeley to hire Drake and let him be in the same department as you.So Drake continued practical medicine, but most of the time in the laboratory.A few years have passed, and your brothers are very satisfied with such a life.
In 2003, you met the second and most important person in your life -Gal.She went to Birmingham Hospital to consult a doctor with a heart disease, and you all noticed the other party's gaze.Then, fell in love at first sight.In the next year, you got married, and she became Gale Li Morette.Your best man is Drake, and he is happy for you.A few months later, Gal obtained the lawyer's qualification as the first of the whole class.
Now, Gal is pregnant!This makes you the happiest person in the world.This also makes Drake happy, because he is going to be an uncle for the first time in his life.
At work, Drake rarely tells you his experimental results, and you are actually not interested.However, he quietly told you a few weeks ago that he synthesized a drug that made him extremely rich.But he didn't say more (Drake was a bit superstitious).At the beginning, you were also happy for him, but later you started complaining about the injustice of fate: why is he?Why is a person who is not as good as you becomes richer than you?Why are you holding a poor salary, and Drake is thrown into the money pile because of his luck?But Drake is your brother, after all, the shallow thought of money will not let you harm him or steal his identity.
The reason why you really decide to replace Drake's identity comes from your job.A few months ago, a boy who had suffered a car accident was sent to the emergency room, and was seriously injured in the abdomen.After simple treatment, he was pushed into the operating room.You find that a boy's kidney is seriously damaged, and you are going to remove it; the status of other organs is not good, but you are also very confident to cure him.In the end, you rescued that boy, but this was a turning point in your life.A month later, the boy (Jim Mason) brought you and the hospital to court, for the kidney that was completely unnecessary.Although your wife is a lawyer. Be careful, you still give the case to his wife's colleagues.You love Gall, you don't want to disappoint her.At the same time, the hospital pushed responsibilities and left the problem to solve the problem and Jim.
Last week, you met with a lawyer, and he told you: "We only have one -tenth of the opportunity to win the lawsuit." If your mistakes are confirmed, your career is completely destroyBoy.These days, you have been distressed by how to get rid of the predicament.So when this perfect (can get rid of trouble and continue to engage in your favorite business), you have not hesitated to grab it in front of you.
Tonight, 6:45 pm, you're off work and are ready to go to Johnson's house with your wife.Before leaving, you go to the laboratory to say hello to Drake.However, you find that Drake has no breathing on the ground.You are close to him trying to take first aid, but everything is too late, and Drake is murdered.Maybe you are used to death at work. At this time, you want to calm down, thinking about how to deal with things in front of you.After all, Drake is dead, no matter what you can't recover.But you can replace him so that you can be unable to solve the various problems and get wealth.Because you only bought a insurance, the beneficiaries filled with Gal, Drake and Birmingham Hospital.This means that once you die, the above three parties can receive $ 6 million in compensation.This is the only chance in life.
You have to change your clothes.When you move your body, you unexpectedly find that Drake has put on your clothes!The brand name "Hans Li Morette" is written on the clothes.At this point you didn't think about why, you went straight to Drake's wardrobe to find Drake's clothes.But there is no in the wardrobe.You rolled out the bloody Drek clothes in the dirty basket.Without the state of that clothes, you immediately changed your clothes.Now, you have become Drake from Hans.
You have to handle the final details now, because the only difference between you and Drake is tattoo.There is a tattoo on the right shoulder behind you, and Drake does not.Fortunately, the bullet that asked Drek's life just happened to be shot from the same position, making people completely impossible to identify whether there was a tattoo there.
Character Relationships
1. Gale Li Morette: As Drake, she is your sister -in -law.Do you still don't let her know your secrets now, although she will be sad because of your death.Therefore, in front of her, you still pretend to be Drake, and when she needs to prove that the dead is Hans, she is also a key witness.
2. Richard Berkeley: Administrator of Birmingham Hospital.It was he hired you and your brother.You are just a working relationship with him or her.In Jim Mason, he did not support you, so you are still angry with him.But for Drake, he thanked Berkeley.
3. Dr. Paloski: He dedicated his body and soul to work.You used to internship under him.There is no doubt that he is one of the ten best surgeons in the country.Drake believes that he is a very good colleague.But one night in March, his son was sent to the emergency room with a car accident.Unfortunately, you happened to be on duty that night, and did not save that boy (he was almost dead when he arrived in the hospital).Since then, Dr. Paloski has been alienated with you (and other staff of the hospital).
4. Elaine Carter: There is no connection between you or Drek and him or her. You know very little about him or her, just at work.He (she) is Dr. Paloski's intern, so he complains.(Less complaints that have been tested with Dr. Paloski).
5. Sylvia Costa: Chief nurse in the emergency room, very professional.You think she is simple, but since you have a strict business relationship with her, you are not sure.
6. Drake Li MoretteYou are sad for his victims, and you plan to find out the murderer.But in order to continue to engage in medicine and share the extensive insurance compensation, you pretend to be his identity, and you feel guilty for this.The only difference between the two of you is the tattoo on the right back shoulder.

You must be public
There are some truths here you must be carefully disclosed in the communication with the player.When other players mention these topics, you must do this.
1. Your brother Hans is an excellent doctor. One is that he evokes your desire to save your life. 2. The doctor’s salary is too small, and there are so many jobs in their jobs
3. The allegations of Hans are to slander and do his best to save Jim Messon. Any competent doctor will perform the kidney removal surgery.
4. You (as Drake) are willing to be the father of Gal's child, he will not know