Intern, curiosity, and alone.
Character introduction:
Your real name is Elaine Carter, and your real identity is a police officer of the Police Department of the 15th District.Your department has been investigating an organs for a few months.
Everything starts with the attention of James Lai Li, and he is related to a criminal case involving many illegal transactions.He is also closely related to the organic case of the vending device, and your task is to detect it.He seems to be an intermediary between suppliers and buyers.In your survey, you hear Lyrry often mentioning Brighton Hospital in Detroit.You soon come to the logical inference of someone participating in the selling organs.It is true that the hospital is the best place to obtain this rare product ... Your boss has prepared a large -scale action: he has the right to get the police undercover from Dean Berkeley.
A total of eight police officers in your group were undercover in the hospital.Because you have some medical knowledge, your superior believes that you can compete for an intern Carter's cover identity.In fact, your father is a doctor, you try to go to the medical school before joining the police.As for your colleagues, they are all arranged to have less role (receptionist, door guard) that involve medical knowledge, and you are assigned to the emergency room.You may be very correctly estimated that the business of daily pressure, moving everywhere, and crazy (after all, this is an emergency room) business helps organ traders to move easier.In fact, each medical staff is very busy, and it is impossible to pay attention to what their colleagues do.The administrator Berkeley therefore gave you to Dr. Paloski, a famous surgeon.Dr. Paloski is very famous in the medical world-of course he doesn't know your true identity, so treat you like a normal intern.Berkeley is the only person in the hospital (except undercover police) to know your purpose.You have obeyed Dr. Paloski's order for almost six months.He is very authoritative and requires you to do a lot of work beyond the scope of ability.You soon figure out what kind of person he is. He is a real master of surgery and is well -known worldwide.To be sure, he hopes that you can spend your mind to become a person with perseverance, spiritual concentration, and solid medical knowledge.Of course, you can't reach his expectations, which may become a stain in his reputation (no students who have not taught badly, only teachers who can't teach).He believes that you can't engage in any medical work (this is true-because you have not received any medical education!), But in general, your camouflage identity is more credible.Although you are a bad intern, you are at least an intern.
Although your medical work is overloaded, you still have not forgotten that the main task is to find someone who may participate in the selling organs from the emergency room.You return to the police station regularly to report to your superiors.Every day, you carefully observe your colleagues.In the past six months, you have learned a lot of different things:
1.Dr. Paloski has lost his son recently.About one month before you entered the emergency room, the young man became a victim of traffic accidents.You talked to Dr. Drake that you want to know the details of death, but he avoided communication that you think that transplanting an organ may save him.
2. Hans Li Morette and a patient named Jim Mason are in a lawsuit (the trial is determined to be next month).The latter accused the doctor of an unnecessary operation and removed a kidney!However, this is not enough to prove that Dr. Hans is an organs.You need to get more information from other doctors.
3. Head NURSE COSTA also took a lawsuit: She was accused of injection of double doses of drugs and caused the patient to be paralyzed.After the efforts of lawyer Garrimoret, she was proven to be innocent.Gal's point of view is everything in the emergency room, including errors, is fast -paced, and errors are also exciting (you can only understand this in the emergency room for a few months).After seeing Costa's excellent treatment records, the judge also agreed to Gal's point of view and announced that it was a sad accident.Paralysis patients are compensated by the state, and Costa only suspended for a few days.
4. Father Tom often comes to the hospital to perform some miracles.You noticed that every time he came to talk to Drake Li morette.In addition, his two patients have been removed for the last two times. Is it a coincidence that the two patients have been removed by the lungs and kidneys?
5. Finally, Dr. Drake attracted your attention today.Although he was in his laboratory most of his time, he occasionally conducted surgery and you just participated in one of them.At 5 pm today, the abdomen of a young man named Eric was stabbed.Drake managed to save him.Before he left, he might have no meaning, "at least this patient keeps all his organs."Maybe this is just talking casually, but you must confirm.
Another problem fell from the sky. Tonight, you first encountered Gallimerret, Hans' wife.You know who she is, but you have never met her.The problem is that a few months ago, when you finished your report at the police station, she came to discuss the case with your colleagues. It was not surprising because she was a lawyer.At that time, you didn't know who she was, but she had enough time to observe you.If she recognizes you, she will pierce your identity.If you have to talk to her, make sure she doesn't remember you, or find a good reason when she mentioned this topic.
But now, others are happening in the emergency room: murder and hostage hijacking together.At the scene of the murder, you have to find out the murderer. Of course, you have to find out whether this is related to the organ sales case you participated in the investigation.On the side of the kidnapper, there are two things that you cannot perform too directly: first, you have no weapons in the hospital; second, you must make sure your true identity is not found in any circumstances.Over the years of work, it will be wasted.From this moment, be careful to hide yourself and see the development of the situation.
Character Relationships:
1.Dr. Paloski: He is very strict with you, and often makes you busy.He doesn't seem to like you very much because he doesn't like incompetence.
2. Hans Rymorite (deceased): He is a good doctor who is about to have the prestige like Dr. Paloski, but because you come to this department, you almost know nothing about him.
3. Drake Rimerite: The twin brothers of Hans are enthusiastic about researching the post. He spent a lot of time in the laboratory.He sympathizes with the patient and is friendly to the nurse (although your technology is poor, he has never said something bad to you).He looks very appreciated.
4. Head Nurse Costa: This nurse in this emergency room is almost like parents.She is friendly and considerate.She soon noticed that Dr. Paloski was harsh on you, so as long as she could help you with no hesitation.Because of her help, you have time to investigate.
5. Hospital Dean Berkeley: He is the only person in the hospital who knows your true identity and task.Tonight is the first time you have seen him in the emergency room ... He is usually busy management of hospitals.You have never thought about investigating him (after all, there is no evidence to indicate that he is innocent), but now it seems that it can start.
Medical documentation
As a hospital staff, you can contact medical documents.However, you are not a real doctor, so you cannot understand these medical terms, nor can it be translated into ordinary languages.However, in order to convince other players to believe that you are a real doctor, or check the patient's medical file, tell the name of the organizer, he will provide you with medical files, but you cannot understand the content.This will need to rely on your imagination and persuasion.


You must be public
There are some truths here you must be carefully disclosed in the communication with the player.When other players mention these topics, you must do this.
1. Your father is a pediatrician and you follow his footsteps into the Medical Academy.You are not the most talented students, but you can see your weaknesses.
2. You think the hijacking will be arrested soon, because you blindly believe that the police officer of Detroit (you have a good reason!).
3. You want to know people who work with you, so you ask them a lot of questions, even if that may make you look gossip.
4. You care about surgery, especially about organ transplantation.As long as the conversation is turned to this topic, you will join.