Good mouth, good manipulation, heaven candidate
Character introduction
You are a priest Tom, a well -known television missionaries in the United States, and have a big fan.Usually, you perform so -called "miracles" in front of millions of TV audiences. Your show: Tom Show will break the record of the number of movie viewers in the past seven years.
In fact, the lifestyle you advocated in the show is very different from your own actual life.In private, you are a big liar with strong desire for rights and money.For your followers, the "miracle" you perform on TV is the talent given to you by God, and a talent that requires you to take care of your flawless lifestyle.They believe that you don't have any bad habits, insist on praying for 6 hours a day, and completely abstinence.In fact, you drink, smoke, like luxury, drugs, sports cars, gambling, and women.Thanks to the money that your followers contributed to you, you can easily express the lifestyle of "life is simple happiness".In fact, in addition to improving everyone's outstanding speech, you have no talent or strength.All your miracles are fake. You need to pay a lot of money to those actors. The blind people they plays, patients with epilepsy, or postscript ... You only need to be gently stroked by your hand and quote a few sentences in the Bible in the Bible.The words and some holy water, then, Dangdang ~ The posts just now run faster than antelope "! You also need to pay for those doctors and let them change the medical records of those people to prove that those who have been treated by you have indeed suffered from being suffering from you.Heavy illness. The worst thing is that all your tricks work!!!!
Those who are seriously ill and have no cure for the cure, just hope to use your hands to cure their diseases. At the same time, you also make some group baptisms, weddings and explanations.Thanks to these small dramas, you have become the most well -known media idols in the country in the past five years, and are the richest.In those days, you control the entire game.
But one day, almost everything started from then.It was September 2002, and you were testing your first Ferrari.You drive on Detroit's street at a nearly crazy speed, and then a car accident happened.You hit a couple who was crossing the road.The two were hit by your roof.You stopped the car as soon as possible, and then returned to the accident scene.You want to get out of the car to help them, but through your dark window glass, you see a ten -year -old child.He was deeply staring at your eyes through the window.You dare not get out of the car, afraid he will recognize you.You started the engine and fled the scene before the rescue arrived.Later, you saw in the newspaper that the couple died unfortunately.The police found you. If you were not paid a lot of money to investigators of the case, you may still be in prison.
However, those have passed.Now, you have new problems that bother you: you are impotence!You, such an excellent Volkswagen lover (at least for those who are conquered by your romantic means), have gradually felt powerless in the past few weeks, and worse and worse.You initially felt that this has nothing to do, just to maintain your stimulating lifestyle, but the problem is becoming more and more serious, so you decide to seek a doctor's help.
You first think of finding a doctor who often helps you change medical records, but to admit that the shame of such a problem is too strong, and you know the greedy nature of these people, any one may turn around and extort you immediately after knowing this secret.You will lose all your credit and a lot of money that follows. No one will believe your "power" again, and people will think that God abandons you.The best way is to find a completely honest and moral doctor (if there are such people!).
After several months of search, you decided to give yourself to Drake Li morette. He may not be a highly prestigious genius (even if you can find such one without effort), but you are treating him to himHonesty and his lofty moral cultivation were very affirmed, he worked at the Brighton Hospital in Detroit.You know there is because you asked the hospital for the hospital to allow you to visit frequently.With his consent, you are still performing your miracles there so far.Therefore, you use the advantages you often visit to establish contact with Drake.
After several conversations, you have a clear understanding of this man: he is really honest and professional, and he will never betray the privacy of the doctor and patient.You decide to give him your question.Dr. Drake diagnosed you and concluded that the loss of this reproductive ability was due to excessive drugs and alcohol.He suggested two solutions for you: Find Dr. Loski for a special surgery, or another advanced hormonal injection therapy, but a long time (may be one year).
You decide to choose this safe but time -long treatment.In this way, Drake Li Morette is the only person who knows your secrets.Therefore, in the past seven months, you go to the Brighton Hospital to perform your miracles, while secretly receiving Dr. Dr. Derke.
In a visit, you met Dr. Paloski. This excellent surgeon hopes to explain to God through you.So you know how he lost his son and wife in the short term.In addition, he had a strong hatred for Hans Li Morette, because he believed that Hans could not save him when he was sent to the emergency room after his son had a motorcycle accident, so he began to drink.You comfort him and suggest that he goes to see a psychiatrist, just like what you usually do to those who come to you to explain you.This is why you appear in the emergency room tonight, but of course, based on what happened in the hospital just now, the explanation you received has a new significance ...
Tonight, you intend to contact Hans Li Morette (your treaty's twin brothers) with a visit tonight.While spying research on Drake, you have also studied Hans' character. He is not as upright as his brother. He is full of his career and money.Do you think he is a perfect candidate and go to change your actors' medical records.You left a message in his cabinet and asked him to meet at a meeting and want to convince him to work for you, but now his death has never made this meeting. Now, you have a greater troubleThings -You know the hostage hijackor!Two years ago, you hired Frank (the injured one) to perform on the "Tom Show" to make him see the light of the light. A brain trauma made him blind, but he spent all the money to ask the lawyer to ask him for him for him.Brother Tony (the one holding the gun) performed surgery, and had no money for his own surgery.Ophthalmologists who do diagnosis and treatment for him are for you. As a exchange on "Tom Show", you secretly surgery for him and hire a lawyer for his brother.Based on the contract agreement between you and Frank, you did not tell Tony anything, so he was convinced that you were really divine.He confirmed your strength (this consolidated your image) to the people around him and expressed your long -term gratitude to you.But Tony has a weapon tonight. If you don't know the facts, you may be better than a shot.
Character Relationships:
-You (role name): After visiting Dr. Paloski, he learned that his loss of family and alcoholism was a person with special abilities.
-Dr. Paloski: Surgeon becomes alcohol after losing his son and wife, and hates Hans Li Morette.
-HANS LI Morette: Doctor's twin brothers, you plan to contact him to modify the medical records of the actors.
-Frank: The hostage hijacking of the injured, blind after injury, you performed for him and invited a lawyer for his brother Tony.
-TONY: Frank's brother, the hostage hijacker holding the gun.
Tip: This error involves only amendments to semantic errors, and it does not change the punctuation error.
1. Drake Li Morette: He is your doctor, very cautious, so he is an excellent choice for public figures like you.Compared with him, it is better to get healing that he will keep your secrets.He just lost his twin brothers, maybe he needs to find a close person to talk ...
2. Hans Li Morette: Dr. Draqu's twin brothers, you have never talked to him, have considered hiring him to work for you, but he has died ...
3. Tony (you don't remember what his last name is): He believes that you have some kind of talent, but with the help of Drake, you deceive him.He looks quite nervous in front of you (this situation can be understood), you feel that it is not a good time to confess to him ... If you can maintain a good image, maybe you can leave alive or even advise him to surrender ...
4. Frank: You once hired him to perform miraculous treatment for you, and he accepted the murky after surgery.You have not contacted him for a long time, and he will support you to show your miracles at appropriate time.
5. Dr. Paloski: One day, he confessed to you and told you that he hated Dr. Hans Li Morette. Is this enough to make him a murderer?Not to mention that he may still be alcohol, do you do it because of alcohol?Too many questions need you to find out the answer ...
6. Dean Berkeley: You met him for the first time at a charity ball in Los Angeles.He looks like a luxurious lifestyle.You convince him to let you visit his hospital often, although he may have a little adverse effect on the Brighton Hospital, he still agrees.You find that he is very attractive.For other people who appear tonight, you have only one side.

You must be public
There are some truths here you must be carefully disclosed in the communication with the player.When other players mention these topics, you must do so
1. You think your upright lifestyle is far from stimulating, but this is the price you must pay to keep your talent.
2. You are very proud of your earning money and you feel a headache for how to hide them.
3. You also feel a headache for women who cannot hide the strong attraction for women
4. You boast that there are many patients who have cured many modern medicine announced, and sometimes you even declare that if you have a strong belief, there is no need to use drugs.