Falling in love, resolute, and pregnancy.
Character introduction
Congratulations, you are the murderer!
In fact, you did kill your husband Hans Li Morette.In the past three years, you and his brother Drake have been deceiving him.You fell in love with Drake, secretly hoping to live with him.The problem is that you did not marry the twins you love, but married Hans.But tonight, you solve this problem.
You meet Hans because of your father.In 2003, you went to visit the father who entered the emergency room of the Brighton Hospital due to a heart disease.You are attracted by Hans's body at first glance.A few days after your relationship with him, he learned that he also had a brothers named Drake.When you meet Drake's gaze, you feel what you will happen between the two of you.But the first thing you know is Hans, because of this, you dare not lie to your fiance.
A year later, you marry Hans.At that time, you couldn't determine your love for Drake, and you thought it was just a fantasy, and your feelings for him will eventually disappear.In addition, Hans is a better doctor than Drek and can make more money.In short, Hans is a better choice among the two brothers.
The first year of life after marriage is very beautiful, Hans is perfect-he loves you and carefully.Soon you do n’t have a sense of freshness, but every time you see Drake, you ask yourself, why did n’t you marry him?After a long time, you are still derailed.Hans didn't doubt anything. The neighbors never distinguished whether the person who kissed you on the weekend was Drek or Hans attending the meeting.To some extent, you can even publicize your adultery.
This is the case. One day nine months ago, you were pregnant, and the due date was 6 days later!You are sure that Drake is the father of your future child.However, children will not be different in appearance.Originally, the two brothers had a little tattoo except Drek's shoulder swelling and height.You have announced to your lover that he is his father.At that conversation, you are going to tell him that you want to leave Hans to live with him, but you quickly realized that Drake admired his elder brother (born three minutes earlier than him).
Drake could not tell Hans that he had deceived him, not only to be dyed with his sister -in -law and had children.Drake doesn't want to hurt Hans!For now, to retain Drake, you can only respect his thoughts.
In the year of getting married, you have obtained the lawyer qualification with excellent results.After trying various branches of the law, you work in a large company in Detroit and focus on criminal law.You must defend rapist, kidnapping, and various killers.However, you have been used to violence.Before that, you took the medical accident of your husband and colleague.At his request, you defended Head NURSE COSTA.Costa suffered an unfair prosecution because a patient who was paralyzed by double -dosage agents (Robert Casey) was paralyzed.This was two years ago.You don't remember the details of this case, but you can prove that the nurses are innocent.The foundation of your defense is that the staff of the entire emergency room is in high tension and high pressure, and mistakes may occur at any time and so fast.But this kind of case has no challenge to you, so you choose to specialize in criminal cases.
However, four months ago, your colleague told you a medical case.He told you in private that there are reasons for the content of the case.This case involves your husband.Hans was sued by a person named Jim Mason.Jim was sent to the emergency room due to a traffic accident, and his abdomen was seriously injured.At that time, Hans thought it was necessary to remove a kidney of this young man.However, a month later, Jim Mason sued the hospital and he believed that removing was unnecessary.According to colleagues, Hans obviously made a serious mistake, and his chances of winning this lawsuit were very slim.Thank you for your colleagues and promise him to be careful.Therefore, Hans concealed you about his patient trial.If his allegations were established, he would face the risk of losing work.He didn't tell you anything, maybe because he was afraid of disappointing you.Indeed, Hans loves you, you are very sure of this.The best evidence is that he bought life insurance, and the beneficiary is you.A colleague who specializes in this type of contract tells you: If Hans die, his brother Drake, Brighton Hospital and you will get a total of $ 6 million in compensation!This is a large amount of money, because Hans is a good doctor.
But the love between Hans and you is not mutual: you love Drek more than Hans.Drake is more fragile, gentle, and loved than his brother.Hans is sometimes too cold.You decide to find a way to get rid of your husband ... This is a difficult choice, but you have been determined to assassinate your husband.Without Hans, you can live with Drake, and your son will be raised by his real father.Moreover, because of that insurance, you will be rich ... From the perspective of good children, if you marry Dreck, everyone will feel normal.However, because Drake loved his brother, he would not forgive you if he knew that you killed Hans.This is why you have to act alone and why you must commit perfect crimes.
Moreover, if the worst situation occurs, you are caught, and a good lawyer will quickly rescue you from the dilemma.You know this can be done, you can easily help some people who know guilty of being guilty.You get an unregistered gun from an old client (a dirty gangster called James Lai Li) (because of your work, you do contact some triads).You have a enough handle to ensure that he will not sell you.You incorporated this gun into the action plan tonight.
tonight
Tonight, Hans and you were invited to your friend Johnson's house.This is why you pick up her in his place to work. After you go to the hospital parking lot, you take out the gun from your glove box and hide in your wallet.You put on a pair of gloves (with your evening dresses, you will not attract attention) and go to the hospital to find Hans.At this time, about 6:30 pm.No one sees you coming in, and you are carefully standing outside the sight of the hospital's safety camera.You found Hans in the locker room, and he changed the doctor's coat in the wardrobe (the dirty one was thrown in the laundry basket).You follow him carefully to his laboratory.When he was about to go to the pharmacy, you took out the weapon from the bag and fired two shots behind him.
The laboratory is sealed, and no one should hear the gunfire.He fell to the ground and killed his life immediately.You want to see if he is really dead, but you notice that there is a safe camera on your head.Its installation direction tells you that it did not take you, but it also prevented you from approaching the body.Soon, you return to the parking lot and throw the gun on the side of the trash can (empty guns, just in case ... the bullet is thrown into the trash), just like the murderer quickly handle the weapon when he escapes.You calm down for a while, as if there is nothing wrong, walking into the hospital again, as if it was the first time today.This time you let yourself appear in the camera, but you find that the small red light that lights up when the camera is running is destroyed at this time ... Is it not lit when you do it?Because you can't continue to think about nervous ... You go to a buffet restaurant to chat with your husband's colleagues and wait for him by the way ...
Character Relationships
1. Drake Li Morette: He is your lover and the real father of your child. He himself knows it.He didn't know that you murdered his brother and could never know.Really, Hans' death makes your combination possible, but Drake will never forgive you.
2. Head NURSE COSTA: You defend her case, she is obviously innocent.You know nothing about her private life.
3. Leine Carter: This is the first time you have seen her.Although you have to admit that you rarely go to the emergency room, you think you have seen her in the Police Station of the 15th District, you have to ask her.
4. Father Tom: You know that this person is only through the very popular TV show "Tom Show". His business is a business performance, but you can't help but think that he may really have a talent to cure people.You don't know other people present tonight.
You must be public
There are some truths here you must be carefully disclosed in the communication with the player.When other players mention these topics, you must do this.
1. In your work, you are not just dealing with clean or innocent people.
2. The best way for the child is to convince him that Drake is his father and child happiness than anything else.
3. You know the lawsuit of husband and Jim Mason, because obviously he does not need to remove Jim’s kidney
4. Sometimes you regret marrying Hans, maybe this is a mistake ... In fact, you think maybe you are not appropriate but not to kill him.