Efforts, high efficiency, grasp opportunities
Character introduction:
You were a doctor at the Brighton Hospital of Detroit.In 2003, after working for more than ten years, you were appointed Dean of the hospital.Although the hospital is public, you do your best to manage it, making it almost as efficient as a private clinic.You try your best to adhere to your budget. Unfortunately, sometimes you have to let some doctors leave and stop some services.
You like luxury and money. This is why if you carefully check the accounts of the hospital, you can find that you have label some personal expenses on the hospital.Although it is not completely illegal, it is impossible to say that it is a bad habit.
With the help of some experience and a lawyer friend, you have become an expert who stole funds.You know how to keep cautious and take the maximum prevention measures, but you think there are some doubts about you now.In fact, a few months ago, a police officer in District 15 came to visit you.Although he did not directly hint, it still lets you know that the Brighton Hospital has been involved in a case of organ sales.In order to get out of the person who depends on the organs of the patient to increase the monthly bonus, he needs your authorization to insert undercover in your staff.In order to clear the reputation of the hospital, you agree with his request.In fact, you have no choice ...
However, deep in your heart, you think the story of the organs is an excuse.They are to stare at you from a closer and more favorable position, and look for evidence of your misappropriation of hospital funds as allowances.Because you have never heard of the organs that sell organs, your safety person in charge has never mentioned this, and even a sign of signs.In order to grasp the situation of the entire matter, the IRS may have cooperated with the Police Department of the 15th District.They won't let you be so good ...
In order not to cause the National Taxation Bureau to doubt, you have agreed to insert 8 police officers into the hospital.One of them is Elaine Carter.She has a little medical knowledge, so you have assigned her internship at Dr. Paloski.You do this in every two stories: on the surface, it is completely cooperated with the police, but because Dr. Paloski always believes that the intern is lazy, Carter will be busy with the doctor's request, and there is no time to collect your information.In addition, no one will doubt whether Carter is really an intern, because for Dr. Paloski, the intern as the name implies is useless (and this Carter will only be simply considered to be more useless than the average interns).As for other undercover police officers, you have found a job that suits them (receptionist, door guard ...), and at the same time you let your security guards stare carefully at them.Of course, you are banned from disclosing the real occupation of these policemen and their purpose in the hospital.Now the police are staring at you and the hospital, and you must temporarily stop moving the money from the hospital.However, you don't intend to give up the original lifestyle, you like to entangle on the luxurious thighs.In order to achieve the goal, you have found a perfect solution ...
As the person in charge of the hospital, you are one of the few people who have the opportunity to get the latest report from the laboratory.When you look at the doctor Drake Li morette, you realize that he is about to synthesize a revolutionary molecule!In fact, Drake has been studying for several years. This molecule has been used to reduce long -term rejection after organ transplantation surgery.The only problem is that its efficiency is only 70%.It seems that Drake is separated from a molecule from a hug, which will increase its efficiency almost 100%.
There is no doubt that this thing can be sold millions around the world.It will make the inventor and his hospital a billionaire.也许，德雷克让布莱顿医院满载金银财宝并享誉全球，对你来说已经足够了（你可以在各种医疗产品展会上销售产品），但如果那个创造它的人是你，一切It will be better!Therefore, you plan to hold the power of this invention.No one will be surprised to study your spare time alone and get discovery.Therefore, you spent $ 50,000 (pay 25,000 as a deposit) to hire a thief to steal the formula from the hospital's central laboratory safe (only the laboratory staff knows the password, for safety reasons).The laboratory is located on the sixth floor of the hospital. You don't know the identity of the thief, and he doesn't know your identity.All connections are performed on the Internet through a special anonymous network.Theoretically, the action should start before 9 o'clock tonight (the central laboratory will start a complex security system).
The thief must also implant the virus in the hospital's server to destroy the data created by Drake.You have no permission to access all the files of Drake (because you have no password), but you know that he locks the file in the safe every night, which is enough to allow you to study his results to find this molecule.In the end, for the sake of insurance, you also hired another anonymous person to burn Drake's house.In this way, no matter what kind of information he was stored at home, he will be paid.Without evidence, no one believed that Drake found the molecule first.Even in court, he could not proof.The fire should occur at about 7:30 pm, and Drake would not be at home. You have to try to keep him in the hospital (but you don't want to murder him ...).You met him at 7 o'clock tonight in the emergency room (it is best to find a topic for this date to prevent others from asking).This is why you went downstairs to the emergency room (you usually go).
tonight
You went to the emergency room to talk to Drake Li morette.Because you go a little earlier (6:45 pm), you can get breathable.On the way through the parking lot, you find that there is something shiny on the side of the trash can.When you approach, you recognize that it is a gun!After you checked, you find that there are no bullets inside.Immediately you remembered Carter.But now, now that Hans has been found, you are not sure if you are hiding the weapon.In any case, when you walk into the cafe at 7 pm, the weapon is in your pocket.You want to give it to Carter as much as possible, but everything happened so suddenly, and you haven't found a chance.And now, there is a weapon that you do n’t know how to use it or in hostage ... What should you do to deal with this boring thing?At the technical level, hijacking the hostage incident has nothing to do with your conspiracy.However, a terrible idea bother you: What if these hijackers are the thief you hire?"Your" thief only knows something about you, that is, your nicknames on the Internet.
Character Relationships:
1. Hans Li Morette: He is a clever doctor, but he has recently been trapped in a lawsuit with Jim Mason.You don't know the details of the case, but the hospital's legal department has decided (under your approval) to refuse to bear any responsibility, so Hans' trial does not support him.He may be resentful for you.He has a life insurance policy, and the hospital is one of his beneficiaries -if he dies, his wife, his brother and hospital will receive a $ 2 million in compensation.Coincidentally, there is a copy of an insurance contract in your briefcase.
2.laine Carter: She is actually an undercover police officer, and she can't leak this secret anyway.You have only come into contact with her once, to explain the role of intern.She thank you for your cooperation.You think the truth tells her and show her the hospital's financial situation.If you need to talk, you can only find her, because she is the only person who knows that you have a gun without a bullet ... but when you tell her that you did not kill Hans, would she believe it?Especially this empty gun is the condition of the weapon ....Essence
3.Dr. Paloski: He is the best surgeon in the hospital and a model for everyone.He has a high demand for intern, which is why you give Carter to him.You have never talked to him, but you know he lost his son not long ago.At that time, you gave him a period of rest and adjustment.
4. Sylvia Costa: Nurse Chief of Emergency Ward.You don't know her very well, but you like her because she is one of the few nurses who do not often complain about poor work conditions.
5. Father Tom: You have seen some of his TV shows and met him at the Los Angeles Charity Dance a few years ago.He persuaded you to let him come to the hospital for some investigations.Therefore, he often comes to the hospital and sometimes performs some miracles ... Although you can't recognize his power as a scientist, you have to recognize that a few patients have recovered miraculously after his interview.Finally, you understand the way you change your body and change your mind ...
You must be public
There are some truths here you must be carefully disclosed in the communication with the player.When other players mention these topics, you must do this
1. You like luxurious life, luxury cars, travel, expensive clothes.
2. You have done some research in your spare time, and you are about to have an important discovery
3. As a doctor, you can easily talk about the past (you have worked for ten years before the dean of the Brighton Hospital)
4. The management of the hospital is very complicated, sometimes you have to force your employees to make some sacrifices