Professional, loyal, and reliable.
Role introduction: You are the head nurse of the emergency ward.You climbed to this position for your hard work and were proud.You are a very professional person and highly appreciated by colleagues.This job is perfect for you, except for a problem -you have not made enough money.Your salary is actually not enough for you to live a decent life, far from paying enough to take care of Mother's overhead ...
In 2005, you learned that she had multiple sclerosis.This news is disastrous like her, because she is your only family.As the only child, you have never seen your father, because he left your Mother before you are born.Your Mother's disease needs frequent and high care.If she is not treated, she will often feel very painful, which is something you can't tolerate.You have decided to make every effort to earn her treatment fee.
At first you tried to go to various bank loans, but they were all rejected.Since you are sure that you can't work, you have to risk turning your eyes to relatively illegal banks.You go to a local priest named James Lai Li who occasionally lending loans to borrow money.Although your salary is enough to repay Riley's interest on a regular basis, he soon urged him to get more and more urgent.You are required to repay all the loans as soon as possible.You know he didn't talk about playing, you stop all your expenses in order to make enough money.But it was obviously not enough, and he didn't care about what you was sick about your Mother.When he threatened her, you felt serious.
In order to make it easier for you to pay back, Riley has opened a condition for you-he is interested in making a very favorable transaction: selling organs.Just because of your work, it is easy to guess what he wants to do-he wants you to be his main supplier!Of course you rejected his conditions, but after a few months, you quickly realized that you and the current situation are getting worse.And as an additional condition to settle your debt, Riley promised to give you a certain percentage of commission after selling you to the organs.In the end, you participated in this disgusting trafficking activity, but the motivation is good: save your Mother.Thanks to these reasons, you can persuade yourself to agree to James Lai Li's request.
This is a story about how you start to steal the kidneys, cornea, and liver.Thanks to your job, you can be relatively easy to enter the lantern in the hospital, or persuade the doctor for surgery.Doctors in the emergency department know your business ability and have always praised your professional spirit.In emergencies, they usually accept the information you provided without hesitation.To be honest, Dr. Parosky believes that people around the world are incompetent (including you), and you will consider your diagnosis according to routine, even if you are to help him reduce your workload.Other doctors are glad to have a capable nurse who can trust in most emergency and complex situations.
Seven months ago, you also managed to deceive Hans Li Morette.A young man named Jim Mason was sent to the emergency room for a traffic accident. He suffered serious abdominal trauma and lost consciousness.In a few seconds he was alone, you found a chance to make his kidney look worse (you injected some plasma for him to make it look like a perforation).At the critical juncture of saving people, Dr. Hans Li Moreti did not notice the change. With his consent, you entered the operating room (he likes to get your help) to remind him of removing the kidney.He quickly decided to remove it according to your diagnosis.Then all you have to do is to check it after.However, when I heard that the resection was not necessary through micro -surgical analysis, you regretted doing so.Dr. Hans Leemore was also sued by Jim Mason.You feel deeply regretted to put Hans in this situation, and this incident will destroy his future.But all this is no longer important. Now he is dead ... At this time, your trafficking surgery is done well. You earn enough money to live comfortably and pay for your Mother's care costs.One day, almost everything changed.You should inject aspirinin for a patient for him to sleep.The patient's name is Robert Casey.After injecting the homogenin, you took the opportunity to inject a paralyzed agent around his brain, making it look like a failure.Unfortunately, his body had an adverse reaction to this injection, causing the left side of his entire body to be completely paralyzed.Casey, of course, sue you, along with the entire hospital.For your defense, Hans suggested that you contact his wife, and his wife Gail is an excellent lawyer.As a basis for defense, she managed to make you figure out that Kas happened to be allergic to paralysis, which was rare in his medical history, so it was impossible to foresee.Fortunately, no test can test that you have injected him anesthetic.In this way, Gal's excellent defense ability makes the judge believe that you are innocent.You still feel that the paralyzed part is caused by the drug you secretly injected ...
In addition to that accident, you are still completely cautious.No one suspects your illegal activities, you almost forge the majority of files by yourself, so no one notice those who are not seen.You are still very professional and never complain to your superiors-otherwise the consequences of being transferred away from the emergency room are very terrible, because the emergency room is the perfect place for you to earn outside!In addition, you like this job quite and don't want to lose it.Your Mother's body looks stable every day, and the pain is gradually decreasing.As long as you need Mother, you will continue to carry out trafficking activities.
Tonight, at 5 pm today, you help Drake Li Morette to cure Eric Li, a man who was pierced by a javelin.You took more than an hour to help him stop bleeding and check the situation of his organs.When the surgery is over, Drake tells you that he is going to change his coat (a little bit of blood), and observes your eyes and said, "At least this person keeps all his organs!"You are very surprised by his words, and want to know that this is just a joke or he has doubts about you.You plan to discuss this with him briefly.
Except for the episode, this day will be as smooth as other times. Almost before 7 pm, you come to the laboratory to find Drake to talk about what he said in the afternoon.What is frightening is that you find that he is lying on the ground and facing down.Soon, you rushed in front of him to implement the rescue, but he was dead.When turning him over, you realized that it was not Drek, but his twin brothers Hans.You restore the corpse until you discover what he looks like before and notify other people who are working in the hospital.You found Gal and Drake in a buffet restaurant, for them, the news is too bad.
Character Relationships:
1. Hans li Morette: You really like him, and he feels sorry for his liberty.You always maintain your professionalism in interpersonal communication, so you don't know much about his life outside the hospital, except for his marriage life with Gall ...
2. Gale Li Morette: She is your defense lawyer, and you have a close relationship with her at that time.But since then, you rarely talk to her.
3. Drake Li Morette: The brother of the deceased.You know that he always finds Hans, so Hans' death is terrible to him.Although you have to discuss with him about what he said in the afternoon
4. Dr. Paloski: He is a great surgeon, but he always thinks that you are just a person with a low status and incomparable (but for him, all nurses are not capable of people ...)
5. Elaine Carter: Dr. Paloski's new intern, you are very sympathetic to her.She started internship six months ago and has been criticized and scolded by Dr. Paloski in the past six months.Of course, she really has no skilled medical skills and can't help help, but it is understandable that it is definitely not easy to work under such a capable and strict surgeon ... you don’t have much time to talk to herProvide help to reduce her work burden.
6. Richard Berkeley: Hospital Dean.Since you work here, you have only seen him six times in total, and have not talked more than ten minutes each time.In addition, this time you have seen him in an emergency ward. At this time, a murder case happened here ...
You must be public
There are some truths here you must be carefully disclosed in the communication with the player.When other players mention these topics, you must do so.
1. You think the medical system is a bit feudal.There are two types of medical treatment: those who are rich and have a relationship can get high -quality medical services and good doctors, but others are ... ..
2. Do you agree with organ donation. When you are buried in a six -foot ground, what are the hearts of the heart? Organ donation should be compulsory
3. The work of the nurse should be better recognized by the hospital, especially in terms of salary
4. For anyone, the death should be very bad.You don’t know if you can overcome this pain, especially if you are dead, especially if you are still the only family member you have