Young, anxiety, impulse
Character introduction
Your real name is Anthony, but everyone calls you Tony.You hate it as Anthony: it reminds you of your parents.You are a villain, with some illegal small hooks.You have been in jail at most, but the sentences of up to three months.It is ridiculous that you have never really violated any serious crimes, nor have it been killed.In fact, you always act with your brothers Frank Carmen, and he (she) can be said to be your brain.
You have always admired your brother and sister.When your parents died, he or her has been taking care of you.You also clearly remember what happened that day. You walked out of the school, and your parents said that they came to school to pick you up, but they were late, and you were at the gate of the school alone.Then you see them appearing on the sidewalk across the street.When they cross the road, a red sports car rushed over, and it knocked down your parents.It started to reverse, but the driver suddenly changed his mind and ran away.
The ambulance quickly came and quickly sent your parents to the hospital, but it was still too late ...
After that, you were forced to quickly leave the school and engage in other more favorable activities.Because of Italian descent, faith always occupies an important position in your life.You often go to the church.You and your brother and sister make money on all kinds of buying and selling.Frank Cammen contacted James Riley, nearby godfather, as soon as herson, selling high loans, selling guns, selling drugs ... James did all.Most of your life was given by James.He is very assured of you.
Two years ago, he gave you a job: bring a box to the end of the southern district of Soutica.Frank is convinced that the box is full of money.When you stop at a gas station, the police rushed to you and opened the box.There are drugs in it!Frank bought it at the time, so he escaped immediately.The police chased him, but he still ran away.Your brother is a well -known "Hell fast runner".Because the first thing Frank taught you is to not betray your associates, so you are the only person to be accused.And you just celebrated his eighteen birthday, the judge sentenced you to six years in prison!Frank immediately came to prison to visit you.But his eyes are blind!It fell when the police arrested, and his head was blinded by trauma.But as your best brother, he tells you that this is not important. The important thing is to find the best lawyer as soon as possible to appeal for you.Obviously, he is very worried about you.
The belief in God is all the reasons you can persist in prison.You are in prison in the worst prison in northern United States.Whether it is a jailer or a criminal to use violence on you, it has become a daily trivial matter.One year later, Frank came back to you, and your case was re -examined. Your lawyer (one of the best lawyers in Detroit) helped you out of prison for three weeks.When you leave that hell, you will never go back ...
James Lai Li thanked you for not implicating him. He gave you a lot of money, enough to transform your apartment very comfortably ...
A few days later, you learned that Frank gave up the surgery of restoration of vision, but found a new lawyer with that money.It is too late, and the doctor said that his rest of his life will spend the rest of his life.
With the last hope of the last, he decided to go to Father Tom's performance show.
Tom is a famous TV evangelist and often creates miracles in front of dozens of cameras and enthusiastic audiences.You have the habit of watching his show, and believe that God has given this man's true thinking and healing ability.Good luck, Frank was selected by Tom.Deep in your heart, you hope to have miracles after seeing Tom.There is indeed a miracle!Frank was cured instantly, he could see it!You firmly believe in the miracles of God.The incident strengthens your confidence.Since then, you really admire Tom.You will always bring the Bible he signed forever.
It is a coincidence tonight. Father Tom and the doctors at the Brighton Hospital have become your hostages.For you, I completely believe that this is God's will ...
The reason why you appeared in the emergency room tonight is very simple -Frank found a new job, in theory, there is no danger of life.But the plan has not changed quickly ... Someone spent $ 50,000 ($ 25,000 has been paid in advance) to hire you to steal documents from the safe of the Brighton Hospital Central Laboratory.You are also asked to upload a virus to the computer center, which is really a novice task ... You don't know the content of the file, but $ 50,000 is enough to make you not ask any problem.You don't know the identity of the person who hires you, and he also doesn't know you.All connections are anonymous through special channels on the Internet.The central laboratory is on the 6th floor of the hospital. You must do it before 9 o'clock, otherwise a complex alarm system will start in the central laboratory.
tonight.
At around 6:30 pm, you and your brother walked into the hospital and carefully avoided the surveillance camera.According to the hospital structure plan, you go to the monitoring room to get the guard, and then close all the safety cameras in the building.Then you go to the sixth floor, pry open the safe as required, stole the files, and upload the virus to the server.Unfortunately, the novice mission was over, and another guard of a hospital fired at you in surprise.Your brother called, and he was hit!You will fight immediately, and be careful not to kill your opponent (you are not a killer).After the fire for a while, the guards had no bullets.You rushed in front of him, lifted his arms as quickly as possible, and tied him up.
Turn to see your brother, falling into the floor and lost consciousness.You try to let him wake up, but he lost a lot of blood.Even if you are not a doctor, you know that you need to rescue immediately at this time.In the sudden rising panic, you can quickly determine the floor of the emergency room as much as possible, and then take the elevator.The police will soon come, but your brother's situation is too bad. You must let him be treated.As soon as you enter the emergency room, you put a metal cabinet down and block the door, and then go to the laboratory where the doctors are.The last question is that there are only two bullets left in your impression.Although you have no plans to hurt or kill anyone, if you want to use a weapon, you must choose carefully at that moment.
Character Relationships
1. Frank · Bayerjeli: Your brother.You will do your best to save his life.He has a great impact on you, and you think that family is the most important wealth.He did too much for you, you never thought of giving up him ...
2. Father Tom: When he restore Frank's vision, you have seen this famous TV evangelist.You are convinced that he has the power of healing.Maybe he can help your brother now.
3. Nurses: You don't know her name, but you dare you be sure you have seen a house that she had visited James Lai Li before.You have to talk to her.
Hospital staff: You have seen everyone for the first time.Therefore, you don't know their names or words and deeds, you respect their work and believe in the power of medicine.You have no intention to hurt anyone.But if they do not cooperate or try to contact the police, you do intend to use weapons to force them to obedient.They have to explain why there are corpses lying in the middle of the laboratory ...

You must be public
1. You firmly believe that Father Tom's power, you can even prove to them (then you tell them your brother/sister's miracle story to restore vision)
2 You stayed in jail for a long time, and you will do anything to avoid going in again.
3. God and family are your most important-you will never abandon your only relative.You hope this situation will never happen.You have no chance to receive education-let alone enter the medical school.The reason here is your work. "You feel regrettable for the situation of hijacking hostages. However, you would rather be caught by the police, which means that you have to return to the prison again, so you don’t want to do a crime.Then, then