Cai siniang
Cai Siniang was born in a wealthy business family in Liangcheng, but she was not interested in business, but was immersed in various martial arts, especially like swords.She has lived with a man for a long time as a man as a man, and when she is in love, she finds that she likes girls.
When Cai Siniang was ten years old, the family's business was difficult to do because of the obstruction of a group of Yanshan mountain thieves. He was helpless. He could only find a group of rivers and lakes to restrict them.At that time, the rivers and lakes thieves turned out to be a little boy about the same as himself, but he talked clearly, and the city was quite deep, which surprised Cai Siniang.
Although measures are taken, they still can't resist the decline in business.In the end, the Cai family business was ruined, and Cai Siniang's father thought about it and died soon.Cai Siniang is very sad and hates the bunch of miserable mountain thieves.But in order to live, the carefree Cai Siniang had to go out of the house to discuss life, but even so, she did not settle down.
In 1160, ten years ago, Cai Siniang heard that Yanji Mountain hurt their mountain thieves and the family invited by the family.
In 1165, five years ago, Cai Siniang heard that the rivers and lakes in Liangcheng were about to recruit people, and she should recruit a small two job.There are two bosses in the inn, called Meng Sanchun and ZHANG JINYIN, but the inns who take care of the inn are the boss Zhang Hongsheng, and another little two Hong Jiangshui.After Cai Siniang came, he found that this zhang hongsheng seemed to have known each other, but he couldn't remember it.
After getting along, Zhang HongSheng's wisdom and beauty deeply attracted Cai Siniang.But zhang hongsheng is the wife of Meng Sanchun.She gradually approached zhang hongsheng and revealed her heart.But she learned that ZHANG HONGSHENG loved meng Sanchun deeply and could not give her a chance.She didn't know whether it was a rhetoric or the truth, but her jealousy about meng Sanchun was deeply rooted in her heart. She didn't know why, such an excellent woman would fall in love with a man who was more than ten years older than her.
After Cai Siniang, he often peeped outside the door of Zhang HongSheng and Meng Sanchun. She was unwilling to believe that ZHANG HONGSHENG really loved meng Sanchun.Finally, she found that Zhang HongSheng was holding a dagger and wanted to kill Meng Sanchun, but eventually did not start.She finally understood in her heart that as long as she could help her kill Meng Sanchun, her opportunity came.The next day, she went to Zhang HongSheng that if she wanted to kill Meng Sanchun and would help him, Zhang Hongsheng didn't say anything, and she was default.
Later, Hong Jiangshui tried to confess to Cai Siniang. Cai Siniang told him that he didn't like men and made him dead.

[October 25, 1170]
After closing the shop that night, several people drank and chat in the store.I was drunk that Meng Sanchun and ZHANG JINYIN drank.Cai Siniang decided to do it tonight.Go back, she took out her knife and went out at 11 o'clock.Going to the door of Meng Sanchun's room, she quietly opened the door, but found that there was no one in the room. She was strange and looked around.I met HONG JIANGSHUI on the road, scared her, watched him naked, and let him wear more clothes and don't get cold, so he hurriedly left.Back to the room, just put away the knife, he heard a scream from outside the door, ran out to see, and found that Meng Sanchun's corpse was lying on the ground first, it was dead.