Hong jiangshui
Hong Jiangshui was born in a thief village. His father is the owner of the village and is cautious. Even if he doesn't even know what his father is called, he just listened to others call Hong Zhaizhu.In March 1160, ten years ago, Zhaizi did not inquire about information, causing a group of unbearable people. As a result, the slaughter was cleaned. Only Hong Jiangshui escaped. When he escaped, he was just twelve or three years old.
Hong Jiangshui is a clever person. He knows that the gentleman's revenge is not too late for ten years, and he hides secretly and has accumulated enough financial resources and connections to recover this bloody hatred.
In 1165, five years ago, Hong Jiangshui came to Liangcheng.It was found that there was a rivers and lakes inn in the town, and all the counters who came and went. He felt that this place was a good place to develop, so he went to live and became the second primary two in the shop.There are two bosses in the inn, called Meng Sanchun and ZHANG JINYIN. They are very good brothers and seem to be in the rivers and lakes.And what really takes care of the inn is the boss Zhang Hongsheng, a beautiful and smart woman.
Soon after the arrival of Hong Jiangshui, another female primary school called Cai Siniang.After getting along for a while, he knew that Cai Siniang practiced martial arts since he was a child, and he had a sword, and she deeply attracted Hong Jiangshui.He checked the courage and Cai Siniang confessed, but did not expect that Cai Siniang told him that she didn't like a man at all and let him die.
One day, Hong Jiangshui was worshiping the family and was seen by the passing ZHANG HONGSHENG.ZHANG HONGSHENG asked his family how he died. Hong Jiangshui said that a big family of his family was slaughtered by the enemy, leaving only one of himself, and he cried loudly under the rain.Hong Jiangshui was moved by the boss, but the boss is usually a wise and wise man. How do you emotionally fluctuate this time? Ask the boss, the boss said that he is sympathetic to him, hoping that he can be mourning, hongJiangshui didn't take it at heart.
On October 20, 1170, after several people's wine and meat, Hong Jiangshui came to the backyard to blow off and met Meng Sanchun.Meng Sanchun took out a big gem from his arms to Hong Jiangshui, even though the gem was shining even in the night.Meng Sanchun was drunk and told him in a confused that this thing was exchanged with the life of countless brothers, and he cried very hard.But hong jiangshui was deeply attracted by this gem. If there is this gem, it is expected to get revenge.
[October 25, 1170]
Five people in the shop drank and chat together after closing the shop.Hong Jiangshui saw meng Sanchun drink a lot, and felt that it was an opportunity, so he returned to the room to prepare for stealing gems.At 11 o'clock in the evening, hong jiangshui took a dagger and slipped quietly to the door of Meng Sanchun's room. He glanced at the door cracks, but found that Meng Sanchun and ZHANG HONGSHENG were not in the house.He went into the house and found it. He didn't find anything. At this time, footsteps came from outside the door. Listening to the movement was a woman. It was estimated that ZHANG HONGSHING came back. He quickly slipped out of the room.
He began to look at the inns aimlessly. He came to theched house and saw Meng Sanchun lying on the ground. There was a trace of vomit on the corner of his mouth. It was estimated that he was drunk and fell asleep in the toilet.He touched Meng Sanchun's pocket in the past, and the gem was in it.As soon as I was about to take away, Meng Sanchun suddenly grabbed his arm, stared at him angrily, and said in his mouth to kill him.In a hurry, Hong Jiangshui's backhand dagger tied into Meng Sanchun's neck, and Meng Sanchun struggled a few times and died.At this point, Hong Jiangshui did not expect to kill Meng Sanchun, but the smart Hong Jiangshui did not panic, and immediately began to deal with the body.He cut Meng Sanchun's head, faked into a knife -like appearance, and then torn the blood -stained tops, threw it into the pit, and stir it with the stick next to him.I was discovered.
He also understood that even if he was reluctant to this gem, he was dead, and he had a problem with this gem sooner or later, so he was going to deal with this thing.He came to the room of Cai Siniang and found that the door was not closed. No one was in it. He stuffed the gem into the closet of Cai Siniang, and then went back to the room. As a result, he was encountered in Cai Siniang.He pretended to say hello. Cai Siniang saw that he didn't wear a jacket, and reminded him to say that he was in autumn.
Just after returning to the room for a while, Hong Jiangshui heard exclaiming from outside the house, knowing that the corpse was found, and ran out after wearing a coat.