Zhang hongsheng
ZHANG HONGSHENG was married to meng Sanchun five years ago in 1165 AD.Meng Sanchun is a teenage more than herself. Others think this is a love that spans age. In fact, only ZHANG HONGSHENG knows that this is for revenge.
ZHANG HONGSHENG's real name Hong Sanmei, born in a family of rivers and lakes.When ZHANG HONGSHENG showed her military talent of her Chinese people, she was only five or six years old.Smart, she was arranged by her father's Hong Changlie tribe, and she was dressed as a men's clothing, and pseudony to work, and began to deal with some transactions for them.
In 1155, fifteen years ago, he would negotiate with a businessman led by the Cai family of Liangcheng on behalf of the family.Recently, their business was blocked by a group of Yanshan Hall of Yanshan Hall. The situation of the family was getting worse. The Cai family hoped that the Hong family would go to the Yanshan Mountains to take root and play a long -lasting battle with them.
The family is strong and strong, and his own genius is enough to deal with the group.Within long time, Hongjiazhai was established.After a period of understanding, she knew that there were three leaders in Yanshan Hall, namely Meng Sanchun, ZHANG JINYIN and ZHANG JINShan.
Yanyan Mountain has a kind of radon. In the body of the person who has been looking forward to in Yanshan Mountain, it will remain toxins that cannot be removed for a lifetime.There is a possibility of addiction.
In 1160, ten years ago, Meng Sanchun, one of the lords of Yanshan Hall, suddenly heard news, saying that there was a baby who was worthy of the city to send it, and he was tired for so many years.Tickets werehed in the golden basin.But the brothers will definitely not agree, and hope they can help.With zhang hongsheng's mind, it will naturally not let go of this opportunity.She wrote back, asking Meng Sanchun to bring one of the other two leaders and killed him before the battle. She arranged for him to help him handle other things.She knew that Zhang Jinyin and Zhang Jinshan were biological brothers. Ing Sanchun could make them look revenge no matter who killed them.
In the plan, when Meng Sanchun came, when the Hongjiazhai people arrived, the backhand sword, cut off ZHANG JINSHAN, and flew into the Hong family. After that, the people of the Hong family will beThe slaughter was clean.ZHANG HONGSHENG was just about to implement the next plan, but got the second news from Meng Sanchun, saying that he couldn't stop the red -eyed Yanshan Hall. They prepared to attack Hongjiazhai in the evening after three days.
ZHANG HONGSHENG arranged to plan to count and clean up the people in Yanshan Hall at a time.But she ignored the combat power of the sore soldiers. The people in Hongjiazhai couldn't resist.She saw Meng Sanchun's head cut off the head of her father, Hong Changlie, and hate rooted in her heart.
After that, she threw off the name of the Hong family, and the pseudonym zhang hongsheng, letting herself remember that she was born as the Hong family.She found that Yanshan Hall also dissolved after that fight. After turning around, she finally inquired about Meng Sanchun and ZHANG JINYIN to open a rivers and lake inn in Liangcheng.She came to the door and quickly captured Meng Sanchun's heart with its intelligence and beauty. In 1165, five years ago, the two became husband and wife.
ZHANG HONGSHENG organized the business in the inn, and found a surnamed Hong, named Hong Jiangshui.Shortly after the arrival of Hong Jiangshui, ZHANG HONGSHENG recruited a woman named Cai Siniang as a primary two. Although she was a daughter, she practiced a good sword.But for a long time, she found that Cai Siniang was not a normal sister friendship with herself, but had a trace of mirror.Cai Siniang even bluntly said, hoping that she could throw off Meng Sanchun and was with her, and was rejected by Zhang Hongshng.Since then, Cai Siniang has started to be cold or hot, and even a little hostile to meng Sanchun.
Although she was sleeping several times after Meng Sanchun, she wanted to take a dagger into the heart of Meng Sanchun, but the hand raised her hand.She knows that she still has a good years and cannot be destroyed by hatred. She must find a good opportunity to do it.Once, Cai Siniang came over and told herself that if she wanted to kill Meng Sanchun, she would help herself.ZHANG HONGSHENG was a joy first, but what she wanted to kill meng Sanchun was tense, so she didn't speak, and left it directly. It was the default to her, and she was explained to the defendant.
In order to hide his identity, ZHANG HONGSHENG did not dare to buy exquisite grass publicly, but kept stealing Meng Sanchun to eat.
One day in March 1170, ZHANG HongSheng passed the room of hong jiangshui and found that HONG Jiangshui was worshiping the spiritual position of many family members.She used to ask how the HONG Jiangshui family died, but Hong Jiangshui told him that his entire family was slaughtered by the enemy, and only escaped it.Zhang hongsheng heard that he couldn't help thinking of his family and couldn't help crying.But smart she stopped in time and couldn't expose it because of this. She said that she was sympathetic to him, hoping that he could be mourned.
[October 25, 1170]
Five people in the shop drank and chat together after closing the shop.In a few days, it was the day when the family was slaughtered, and it was also the taboos of the brothers of Meng Sanchun and ZHANG JINYIN.They drank a few more cups, and then went back to the room to sleep.
At about 11 o'clock, Meng Sanchun suddenly came out of the room.Zhang Hongsheng followed quietly, but found that Meng Sanchun's brothers who were worshiping died, and repented over and over again that he had betrayed them that year.Zhang Hongsheng realized the opportunity, and quietly slipped to the door of ZHANG JINYIN beside him knocked on the door, and hurriedly hid.Zhang Jinyin came out, and it turned out that I had regretted Meng Sanchun, and returned to the room with red eyes.ZHANG HONGSHENG knows that with the bloodyness of the thief of Zhang Jinyin, Meng Sanchun will definitely not live tonight.At about 11:10, zhang hongsheng returned to the room and waited.
Around 11:20, Zhang HongSheng didn't see meng Sanchun back, so he went out to find, and found the hut. Meng Sanchun was dead.The revenge was reported, and ZHANG HONGSHENG was deserved to be the ancestors. After calming for a while, ZHANG HONGSHENG screamed and attracted everyone.