Zhang jinin
ZHANG JINYIN and Meng Sanchun are brothers of the rivers and lakes for many years.In 1150 AD, twenty years ago, the two met in a tavern, which was very speculative. At that time, it was a 17 or eight -year -old scene.Zhang Jinyin is a Liangcheng native, and Meng Sanchun is a Pengcheng native.At that time, there were often unreasonable adulterers to exploit the poor people and traded between the two places.There is a mountain range, called the Yanshan Range.The two decided to do something to punish this group of scum.ZHANG JINYIN called his brother Zhang Jinshan, picked a mountain camp with Meng Sanchun to set up a group of brothers and set up Yanshan Hall.
Yanyan Mountain has a kind of radon. In the body of the person who has been looking forward to in Yanshan Mountain, it will remain toxins that cannot be removed for a lifetime.There is a possibility of addiction.
But the good times are not long. Although the traitors are cruel, they are also cunning.After a few years, the traitors who had been robbed to the bloodlessly bought a group of robbers who had no evil, and ran to another mountain in the Yanshan Mountains to set up a Hongjiazhai village.The church is right.The leader of these people is called Hong Changlie, and most of them are Hong family.
In 1160, ten years ago, the spies inquired that a baby who had a value was going through Yanshan Mountain, and the three decided to do a vote.After discussion, Zhang Jinyin was decided to stay in the village in the village. Meng Sanchun and ZHANG JINSHAN led someone to rob the darts.Who knows, a big gang passed, but only meng Sanchun was alone.Meng Sanchun told ZHANG JINYIN that it was Hong Changlie to kill someone halfway.There must be fire fighting on both sides of the leaders, but this time the killing is too miserable, and I also struggle to highlight the siege.Both were distraught and decided to fight against Hongjiazhai's final decisive battle.
Three days later, ZHANG JINYIN and Meng Sanchun attacked Hongjiazhai late at night, but found that the people in Hongjiazhai had long been prepared.Under some killing, the people in Yanshan Hall were injured and injured, in exchange for the full extermination of Hongjiazhai, but did not see the body of the Shaozhai owner of Hongjiazhai.According to the return of the spy, the owner of the Shaozhai is named Hong Erlang, just a twelve -year -old child, handsome, fair -looking eyebrows. Although there is no strength to kill the knife, it is a general.The power can be regarded as a high, and the credit of this person is indispensable.
After this tragedy, Yanshan Hall could no longer continue to support, so the two did not care about the escape boy.The two decided to hold the accumulated treasure to do some just business.
When he came to Zhang Jinyin's hometown Liangcheng, the two operated a inn, called Jianghu Inn, were originally a way to make a living, but in 1165, five years ago, Meng Sanchun married a young girl in her own.The name of ZHANG HONGSHENG is very beautiful and smart, and he helps them to take care of the business of business. Both of them make a panty.The business was busy, and the inn was invited to one man, one woman, two primary two. The man was called hong jiangshui, and the woman was called Cai Siniang.Hong Jiangshui is black, but the sword is very handsome. Cai Siniang is also a beautiful girl. There are many pursuers, but they have never promised anyone.
After coming to Liangcheng, ZHANG JINYIN has been helping the two to buy exquisite grass, but he found that Meng Sanchun consumed a lot greater than himself, so he advised him to eat less, which was bad for his body.Meng Sanchun has always said that he only eats at a normal amount, and ZHANG JINYIN has no much tube.
On October 20, 1170, several people were ready to rest after drinking and meat, but ZHANG JINYIN saw Meng Sanchun and Hong Jiangshui in the courtyard downstairs.Meng Sanchun took out a big gem from his arms to Hong Jiangshui, even though the gem was shining even in the night.Zhang Jinyin has never seen meng Sanchun with such a baby for so many years, it is strange, but I didn't think much. It should be not too difficult to buy such a gem with my current financial resources. Meng Sanchun should want to leave a oneHeachi Treasure.
[October 25, 1170]
Five people in the shop drank and chat together after closing the shop.Because in a few days, it was the day of the decisive battle that year, ZHANG JINYIN and Meng Sanchun were not in a good mood. I drank a few more cups.Just after 11:00 in the evening, Zhang Jinyin, who had just slept for a long time, suddenly heard the knock on the door, went out to see it, but there was no human figure, but he heard the cry from the place where the brothers worshiped in the inn.Meng sanchun.Zhang Jinyin had just prepared to comfort in the past, but heard meng Sanchun say that he shouldn't collude with the Hong family's people for a little treasure, and finally couldn't help it, so many people killed.Zhang Jinyin was furious and decided to kill the white -eyed wolf and avenge his brothers.
Back in the room, ZHANG JINYIN took out the long -seized dragon knife from the cabinet, wiped it over and over again, thinking about the past for so many years.At about 11:20, he finally no longer hesitated, but just when he raised his knife, he heard a scream from outside the door, and hurriedly stuffed the knife into the bottom of the bed and rushed out of the door.When I came to a latrine, I found that Meng Sanchun was the first place, and it was dead.