Mu bei
You are an undercover Police.
You are the Police of Police who raped the corpse in the country to check the crushing corpse.Based on some vague videos in the bureau, five groups of suspects were locked, which may be suspects of rape crushing cases. One of them was stared at by the local police for a long time.
The criminals were very cunning. The perfect case of solving the case had been formulated in the bureau. However, due to the reporter's great report, the grass and snakes were shocked, so that the original crazy criminals instantly converged a lot.
In the end, there was no way. The bureau held a secret meeting, arranged five groups of undercover, and went to the undercover of the five groups.
You are arranged in the Cuber Community to become the night security of the Cube Community.At night, the security guard is a man named Li Guofu. He has a kind appearance and takes care of you.The other two colleagues, one named He Laoliu, and the other is a beautiful girl named ZHANG JIE.He Laoliu is usually talked about and gloomy. ZHANG JIE is a lively girl and is very enthusiastic about you.
After you work in the community for a while, the community has opened the back door. The four of you are divided into two or two teams, respectively, and the security work in front and back doors on duty.At the beginning, Captain Li Guofu rarely arranged you on duty with ZHANG JIE.ZHANG JIE quarreled with Li Guofu because of this.In fact, your heart also hopes to work with this cute and lively girl. You intend to make a breakthrough from her to inquire about the related things of Li Guofu and He Laoliu.
As the survey was proceeded, you found that Li Guofu was very suspicious, and you began to focus on investigating him.During this period, Li Guofu reduced the opportunity to duty with you on the grounds of playing cards. He began to agree with you on duty with ZHANG JIE, and more and more times with ZHANG JIE on duty.But when you intentionally or unintentionally ask Li Guofu's daily life, ZHANG JIE always keeps his mouth closed.You feel more and more wrong. When you are on duty, you often secretly find a chance to observe Li Guofu, hoping to gain something.
As you have a better relationship with ZHANG JIE, ZHANG JIE also brings you a homemade soy milk every day. You have become a good sister who talks about nothing. Unfortunately, the good times are not long.After about half a month, Li Guofu stopped playing cards and began to let you dight with He Laoliu.The more and more strange in your heart.
Tonight, He Laoliu's mobile phone rang, and he said he went to the toilet.There is no toilet in the backdoor duty room, and you are not doubtful, but after about 20 minutes, he does not see He Laoliu's figure.At this time, the sound of ambulances and police cars came from the main entrance. You hurried over and saw Li Guofu died, and Police blocked the scene.
"Tonight Tonight" (maybe a few minutes of error before and after):
21:00 and he laoliu at the back door duty
22:00 he laoliu SMS rang and said to go to the toilet
22:35 learned that there was Police who came to Li Guofu to die
