Zhang jie
Your childhood was very happy, and parents regarded you as a little princess holding you in your palm.When you were seven years old, my dad was seriously ill and died unfortunately. You cried in your mother's arms every day.
Getting along with my mother every day, without contacting any men, gradually, you feel that you don't need a man at all, but have a protection of weak women, or even possessiveness.
In middle school, you do n’t shy away from your orientation, but everyone is still young, many people ca n’t accept it, secretly talk about you behind them, and girls are getting farther and farther away from you.You can't bear this pressure, he dropped out of school after graduating from junior high school.You start to mix the society and play with those who can accept you.
Later, you fell in love with a girl, but she rejected you.One night, you wandered downstairs in that girl's house. You noticed that a man sneaked into the girl's house. You feel that there will be an accident and hurry up.The door of the room was opened. You pushed the door and saw the Li Guofu you later met, rape the girl.You looked stupid at the time, and didn't know what to do, but he was stunned without running away.
After Li Guofu, the girl killed the girl, divided the corpse, and turned back to kill you.When you ask him to spare you, Li Guofu does not bother, and when you are preparing to implement the beast, you shouted to him that you like girls.Li Guofu questioned you and said he didn't believe it. You said that the "intimate" photos of other women saved in the mobile phone were shown to him.I didn't report any hope, but after watching Li Guofu, I only said that it was interesting and left you a contact information and left.
Later, you always thought about that night, and felt scared and exciting. The desire drove you to contact Li Guofu.Li Guofu accepted you, arranged for you to go to the Cube Community to do night security work, and introduce another associate He Laoliu to know you.
From then on, you are a member of the Li Guofu gang and are responsible for stepping on work.He Laoliu is responsible for collecting value items every time after the beast. Li Guofu is a planner and corpse who committed the crime.Under the rigorous plan of Li Guofu, in two and a half years, you have committed a dozen crimes, robbed about 1.2 million yuan, and killed 19 people.The stolen money is kept in Li Guofu, and you and He Laoliu have no objection.You are more and more like this team, actively go out every day, rely on the unique conditions of your own women.Go find a single organic woman.
Because what you do is very dangerous, you start to do some exercise secretly, and design a leather pocket on your waist, carry a delicate dagger with you as the body.
Half a year ago, a woman suddenly came to the community to do night security. Her name was MU BEI.When you see her at first glance, you like her.You start to take care of her everywhere, to be diligent in her, and she does not seem to be disgusted with you.After a period of time, the community opened the back door. Your four security guards need to be divided into two teams and take turns on duty. In this way, you and MU BEI have more time.Arrange some of you and MU BEI on duty.Li Guofu embarrassed you, deliberately reducing you and her on duty, adding many times he and Mu Bei are on duty. You are very dissatisfied with this, but you have nothing to do.
When you are on duty with MU BEI, MU BEI has nothing to talk to you, care about your life, and talk about the things behind you behind you.Do you like Li Guofu?
If you want to test Li Guofu's feelings for Mu Bei, you tell Li Guofu, you want to kill Mu Bei and find a chance in the night shift.Li Guofu tells you, don't think about it!Let you be honest recently.
But you like MU BEI, and you want to occupy her heart.Some time ago, Li Guofu and He Laoliu were gambling because they often gambled with a person named Neighbor Wang on duty, so they arranged more opportunities to give you on duty with Mu Bei. You decided to get rid of Li Guofu's control and yourself.Do it to Mu Bei.
You started to drink soy milk for MU BEI for half a month.And you prepare a bottle of sleeping pills and grind the pills into powder.When you want to wait for her to drink the soy milk you bring, secretly add sleeping pills.
However, the plan was discovered by the keen Li Guofu.He said you are crazy!Mu Bei must not move!You tell Li Guofu, you dare to grab Mu Bei with me, I will kill you!Li Guofu was scared and stopped gambling with Neighbor Wang, but he had lost a lot of money at this time.Li Guofu began to reduce the frequency of you and Mu Bei on duty. More is to arrange He Laoliu to partner with Mu Bei, you hate.
Since MU BEI came, Li Guofu has not organized a team to "event" for the past six months for inconvenience.Do you think Li Guofu is because of the relationship with Mu Bei, you have to do it!You plan to get back the money that belongs to your own, and then go out to do it alone. The first object is MU BEI!The more you don't get it, the more you want it!
Li Guofu rejected your proposal. Li Guofu said that no one can leave the team or take your own money.Wait for a while!
Tonight, you and Li Guofu are on duty at the front door.You put forward another way to part ways.Li Guofu threatened you. If you say this, you will turn your face with you and break you.After listening to this, you are mentally determined, you are no longer the little girl who will be scared!
At this time, Li Guofu's text message rang, and he looked at the text message for ten minutes in a panic, and then told you to patrol it.
He must take this opportunity to date Mu Bei, and you think this is the opportunity to get rid of Li Guofu.You take out your own dagger and follow the Li Guofu lightly. When you see him walking to the fountain pool, you rush up quickly, and the muscles were clamped fiercely at him.Li Guofu groaned, turned around and saw that it was you, his expression relieved a lot.You said softly in his ear, I must move Mu Bei, no one can stop me, tell me where the money is?Li Guofu shook his head and said, stupid girl, we have inner ghosts around us, and return to the duty room!
When you hear this, you are shocked, and you hurriedly prepare to return to the duty room. When you leave, you see that there are people in the back door, and you are scared to go back to the front door duty room.Your heartbeat is so powerful, quickly wash your face, wipe sweat.After about twenty minutes, the police car arrived at the main entrance. You packed up and prepared to welcome all this.
"Tonight Tonight" (maybe a few minutes of error before and after):
21:00 and Li Guofu at the front door duty shift
21:10 What to raise with Li Guofu
21:50 Li Guofu SMS sounds
22:00 Li Guofu back to the text message to go out
22:10 Li Guofu tells you that you will find someone to the fountain side at the same time
22:35 Police arrives at the main entrance to summon you
