
your story
Your name is [Yu Su Nian], born in the 20th year of the reign of Emperor Guangxu of the Qing Dynasty (1894). As long as you can remember, your sister [Yu Shi] has been brought to live in "Cuizhuang" - you don't know anything about your parents, you only remember My sister is a relative - my sister wanted to hide the blood feud, but in the end you guessed the enemy and planned revenge...
When you were 2 years old (1895), your sister got married, and her husband [Zhou Mengdang] (your brother-in-law) lived with your brother [Zhou Chitong] (Tuesday Brother) who was 8 years older than you in the "front yard" - you Later I heard that my sister was once a maid of Taitai (Wang Shi), and her marriage to her brother-in-law was decided by the master [Cui Shouheng].
Not long after my sister got married, she took you as a child to "Cuizhuang" and lived with her and her brother-in-law's family - your sister and brother-in-law lived in the back room, and "Brother Tuesday" took you to live in the outhouse.
A year later (1896), my brother-in-law did not want his family to live with others, so he decided to go out and join the army. He said that he wanted to find a career for his children in the future, and asked "Brother Tuesday" to take care of the family for him - when the brother-in-law left "Cuizhuang" , my sister is pregnant, but fortunately [Cui Shouheng] still allows you to continue living in "Cui Zhuang", and Taitai sometimes helps her.
When your sister was about to give birth, you were still ignorant and could only cry on the sidelines. Thanks to Taitai, who called for a midwife, you helped your sister give birth to a boy smoothly, and mother and son were safe. Your sister was illiterate, so she went to ask Taitai to give birth to her son. The name is [Lianyi] (Zhou Lianyi), and you have a nephew from now on.
Taitai was also pregnant at that time. After her confinement, her sister moved back to the "North Courtyard" with [Lianyi] in her arms and lived in the "West House". While raising the child, she took care of Taitai and at the same time earned some household income - "Brother Tuesday" took care of her. You still live in the "front yard" and take care of you for your sister. At that time, "Brother Tuesday" was afraid of being laughed at because he had a free meal, so he went to the "kitchen" to help cook the fire and earn a few copper coins, but he was also worried about you staying in the house. If something happens, he will take you with him... When you grow up in a few years and can help him carry firewood, he won't have to watch you at all times.
In early winter, Taitai gave birth to a daughter, named [Yannan] (Cui Yannan).
In the following years, my brother-in-law went back to "Cuizhuang" to visit relatives every year. Unfortunately, he was never promoted. He stayed in "Cuizhuang" for only a few days and left in a hurry... You were still young at the time, and sometimes you went to have a female dependents. I find my sister in the "North Courtyard" where I live, and [Lianyi] and [Yannan] don't have to avoid the distinction between men and women, and they play together since childhood.
When you were 7 years old (1900), you saw that [Yannan] had parents, so you asked your sister about her parents. Your sister hurriedly pulled you out of the "North Courtyard" - you saw your sister's eyes red, but you didn't stop asking her. --Finally, my sister will take you away from "Cuizhuang" and go to the "cemetery", where you will find an abandoned earthen grave and ask you to kneel down, kowtow to the deceased buried inside and call him daddy!
You listened to your sister and knelt down to kowtow. Because you were illiterate at the time and couldn't read the words on the wooden tombstone, you couldn't help but ask your sister, how did your father die?
My sister was silent for a long time, and finally said that the creditor sent people to force him to death... No matter how you begged her, my sister would not tell you who the enemy who killed my father was... In the end, my sister cried. She got up and said that you and I are now living in the enemy's house. What's the use of saying it - if you force her again, she will die!
You have already guessed that the "creditor" who drove your father to death is [Cui Shouheng], a moneylender all year round, so you don't ask any more questions.
The next night, my sister came to the place where you and "Brother Zhou" lived with [Lianyi] in her arms. When she came in, she asked [Zhou Chitong] if he was in the house? You said you weren't here - "Brother Tuesday" just went to the yard.
My sister breathed a sigh of relief and asked you to keep your trip to the cemetery a secret, and then made you swear to take good care of [Lianyi] no matter what happens in the future - you were already feeling uneasy at the time, but you still nodded in agreement.
When "Brother Tuesday" came back, my sister had already carried the sleeping [Lianyi] back to the "North Courtyard"... "Brother Tuesday" asked you what your "sister-in-law" was doing - if you want to keep it a secret, just He said that his sister came to him with the child in his arms, said nothing, and went back without seeing him... Since then, you have never seen your sister again.
After his sister disappeared, Taitai asked "Brother Tuesday" to take [Lianyi] out of the "North Courtyard" where the female relatives lived, and live with him and you - [Lianyi] who couldn't find her mother cried every day, so you kept your sister's words in mind, Keep coaxing him--[Lianyi] asked you, is your mother back? You helped him run to the "North Courtyard" to ask, hoping that his sister would suddenly appear, but there was still no whereabouts of her.
Soon after, the brother-in-law came back to visit relatives. When he didn't see his sister, he went out to drink with a sullen face. He came back drunk and was helped into the back room to rest by "Brother Tuesday", and then left "Cuizhuang".
At the end of autumn, you went to the "North Courtyard" again to ask if your sister was back. When you heard someone shouting in the "Xi Yan Room", you ran over. The maid "He Sao" saw you and asked you to go to the "kitchen" to get salt water. , gave [Xi Yan] who lived here a drink to induce vomiting...Taitai also ran over later and heard "He Sao" say that [Xi Yan] had eaten "poisonous rat poison" and wanted to commit suicide... At that time, you had already had the idea of ​​avenging your father. When you heard "poisonous rat poison", you took advantage of the chaos to pick up the remaining poison, poured out most of the bag of poison and hid it in your pocket, and threw away the remaining medicine and the bag. Back to the ground...[Cui Shouheng] later took the doctor into the house, picked up the medicine bag, showed it to the doctor and threw it away.
[Xi Yan] who attempted suicide was Taitai's sister. Taitai was afraid that she would do something stupid again, so he stayed with [Xi Yan]. After winter, [Xi Yan] married [Cui Shouheng] as a concubine, and the two sisters worked together to share the same husband. .
When you helped [Lianyi] go to the "North Courtyard" to ask if her sister was back, you saw [Xi Yan] arguing with Taitai, which scared [Yannan], so you took [Yannan] with you and went out to play with [Lianyi] in the "front yard" , I heard [Yannan] say that she saw her father going to the "Xi Yan Room" to look for her aunt, but she still didn't come back to the "Master's Room" at night, so she wanted to go to her aunt to call her father back - but her mother didn't allow her to go, and she sighed again and again, Let the maid [Bao Gan] hold her and go to the "South Courtyard" to spend the night together...
When you were 8 years old (1901), [Cui Shouheng] discovered that money had been lost at home. He went to the "front yard" and searched everyone's residence. He did not find the money, so he suspected that Taitai had stolen it... ·Taitai was so angry that he fell ill that night. You have long understood that [Cui Shouheng] is not a good thing, but you don’t have much “rat poison” in your hand. You only have one chance, so put them in an oil paper bag, hide them next to you, and wait patiently...
In winter, you go to the "kitchen" to bring firewood to make a fire, and you see [Cui Shouheng] coming and ordering two bowls of "red bean fermented rice". He and [Xi Yan] want one bowl each - [Xi Yan]'s bowl is more. Put rock sugar... After the cook made two bowls of "red bean fermented rice", according to [Cui Shouheng]'s instructions, only put more rock sugar in one bowl.
You knew the opportunity was coming, so you put the "poisonous rat poison" into the bowl given to [Cui Shouheng] while no one was paying attention, intending to poison him. After poisoning, you threw the poison paper into the stove and burned it - -When [Cui Shouheng] took away the two bowls, he also asked which bowl had more rock sugar. Unexpectedly, the maid [Bao Gan] would later bring the bowl you poisoned to the "kitchen", add rock sugar to boil it, and give it to Taitai eats·······
You heard that after Taitai died of coughing up blood, [Cui Shouheng] suspected that the doctor had used the wrong medicine and sued the doctor to the government office, causing the doctor to pay a large sum of funeral expenses... You always thought Taitai was a good person, right? Her death was very sad, and I heard that Taitai's body was black and blue (you poisoned Taitai, but you didn't get revenge, and you lost your only means, so you hate and regret it). This year, you haven't seen your brother-in-law return to "Cuizhuang", so you don't know his condition.
After the New Year (1902), [Xi Yan] was righted and became the new Taitai.
At the end of summer, my brother-in-law finally became a "gongdao" (a kind of deputy military attache) and returned to "Cuizhuang" to pick up "Brother Tuesday" and [Lianyi] - you know that you are unable to take revenge now and do not want to stay with your enemy. When living at home, just kneel down to your brother-in-law and beg them to take you with them - "Brother Tuesday" and [Lianyi] have been living with you all these years, sharing the joys and sorrows, and they also begged your brother-in-law for you, and then your brother-in-law agreed to take you away with them. .
Do you remember that it was raining on the day you left "Cuizhuang", and only [Yannan] ran out to see you off... After leaving "Cuizhuang", you first moved into the military camp in Lianghuai with your brother-in-law, and watched him lead troops every day Practice... Later you and [Lianyi] were sent to study, and "Brother Tuesday" found a job in a foreign bank.
In the first year of the Republic of China (1912), men cut off their braids and men and women were no longer strictly prohibited from meeting each other. The brother-in-law changed from the Qing army to the new army, and his immediate boss was changed to the "Henan and Anhui Border Envoy" (Ni Sichong) who was deeply trusted by the president.
Last year (1913), you applied for a job as a teacher at a new school in Hefei City and became "Mr. Yu."
This year (1914), warlords from all over the country were proud of their troops and their brother-in-law was transferred to Hefei. When [Lianyi] went to school to tell you about this, he saw a female student and walked over and called her [Yannan] - [Yannan] was recognized Then he nodded in surprise. [Lianyi] announced his name happily, and then said that he had just returned to Hefei and would visit [Yannan] at his house after settling in... His childhood friend suddenly reunited, so naturally he had a lot to say, but [Yannan]  Before he could chat with [Lianyi] for a few words, he was interrupted by the sound of the class bell and had to return to the classroom. [Lianyi] then left school and returned to her brother-in-law.
You didn't want to reveal your identity to your enemy's daughter. Unexpectedly, when [Yannan] came to you to ask about [Lianyi], she also recognized you and was so excited that she almost cried - [Yannan] said she always remembered you and [Lianyi] 】, I have never forgotten that you played together when you were a child - that was her happiest time... You knew clearly that [Yannan] was [Cui Shouheng]'s daughter, but you couldn't help but reminisce with her and recall your childhood days .
[Yannan] I came to see you every day from then on, and gradually developed a relationship with you that was beyond that of a childhood playmate - [Yannan] fell in love with you even though he knew you were a teacher - you did not let go of the idea of ​​revenge, knowing that sooner or later you would kill him [Yannan] Cui Shouheng, but could not control his feelings, and quickly developed into a passionate love with [Yannan].
Your relationship with [Yannan] cannot be noticed by the school, so you and her have always treated her as teacher and student in front of others. You can only meet outside the school in the dead of night, under the stars without any worries.
In September, the school had no choice but to suspend classes because the school funds were diverted for other purposes, and the students had to go home. After receiving the notice from the school, you did not go to see [Yannan]--after [Yannan] left, you thought you would forget her, Unexpectedly, I miss you even more... At the same time, you dreamed of your sister and the barren grave more than once, and repeatedly swore that you would not forget your father's hatred because of love - in order to prove this, you must kill [Cui Shouheng] .
On the Mid-Autumn Festival (October 4th), "Brother Tuesday" came to have a drink with you and told you that after your brother-in-law's immediate boss was promoted to "General Anwu", the Governor's Mansion built was called the "General's Office", also known as the "General's Mansion", and it needed to be connected to electricity. You can take the opportunity to make money by installing lights - "Brother Tuesday" only knows that electric light bulbs are called "incandescent lamps". They were invented a few decades ago and can light up when electricity is applied... You tell "Brother Tuesday" that the filament in the light bulb has already The original "carbon wire" was changed to "tungsten wire". The latest model is the "spiral tungsten wire" invented by the Americans last year (1913)...
While you were introducing it, you found an opportunity for revenge! You have conceived several revenge plans over the years, and now you can finally implement one. You first propose an idea to "Brother Tuesday" to cooperate and make a lot of money--rather than connecting with foreigners, it is better to open your own factory--using your brother-in-law in the army. Through the relationship with the "General's Mansion", we can first earn a sum of money to purchase electric lights for the government, and then sell them throughout the province and the country...
"Brother Tuesday" said that he also knew this method was good, but where could he find the capital to open a factory?
You have already thought about how to deal with it, but you still have to pretend to have a plan with "Brother Tuesday", and then think of [Cui Shouheng] - at this time, your brother-in-law has been transferred to Hefei, as long as you ask him with a military background to come forward, Explain the benefits and dividends to [Cui Shouheng], and use both kindness and power to attract him to invest!
After dawn, after you and "Brother Tuesday" have reached an agreement, you go to prepare the equipment for display, and he goes to convince your brother-in-law.
On October 13th, you prepared your equipment and notes and went to see your brother-in-law. Your brother-in-law had already listened to "Brother Tuesday" explain the situation. Because he didn't know much about foreign things, he listened to you and only asked to save money as much as possible. You ask your brother-in-law to use the name of the military to recruit a three-story boat of your choice to invite [Cui Shouheng].
At noon on October 15th, your brother-in-law, dressed in casual clothes, took you and [Lianyi] across the lake on a boat, and then moored to the "Big Pier" on the lakeside, ready for a banquet. In the afternoon, [Cui Shouheng] and "Brother Tuesday" drove to the appointment and were welcomed into the cabin by his brother-in-law - you had already calculated the distance by observing and measuring on the boat (part of the revenge plan), and ordered the waterman to press the button on the boat. You said mooring is good, lower the anchor.
You first take the "generator" out of the box and assemble it, then ask [Lianyi] to help, and lead him to fix the assembled "generator" on the deck in front of the boat, then pull out two long wires and connect them to There are several glass products (small light bulbs) attached to the trees on the west side of the big pier, ready to be powered on and displayed after dark.
After you and [Lianyi] hung the small glass lamp on the tree and made sure that the wires were connected under the tree, "Brother Tuesday" got off the boat and asked what you were doing - before you could answer, you saw [Yannan ] and two women came over - "Brother Tuesday" saw them and took you and [Lianyi] to greet them.

Act 2:

The story after the pleasantries
[Tian Chou] and [Yannan] both accepted the invitation of "Brother Tuesday", and [Xi Yan] also nodded in agreement, and followed you to board the painting boat, carefully bypassing the generators, wires and tools installed in front of the painting boat, and walked into " "Banquet Hall", and met [Cui Shouheng] with his brother-in-law who was having a drink inside - the brother-in-law stood up to welcome, "Brother Tuesday" said that they would watch "Incandescent Light" together after dark, and then talked about the past in "Cui Zhuang"· ····You are about to kill [Cui Shouheng], so you dare not look at [Yannan] and deliberately avoid her gaze.
After all, men and women are different, [Xi Yan] then took [Tian Chou] and [Yannan] to the "small banquet hall" on the second floor for a drink, while the men stayed in the "banquet hall" - "Brother Tuesday" wanted to convince [Cui Shouheng] Investment, and [Lianyi] toasted him one after another. You also wanted to get him drunk, so you talked about the prospects of the factory and added wine to [Cui Shouheng]. Under your turns to persuade him to drink, [Cui Shouheng] was already drunk. Cui Shouheng] drank a lot more.
When it gets dark, everyone walks out of the cabin and stands on the south deck of the first floor of the boat. They are blown by the cool breeze and sober up a little. You go to turn the hand-cranked "generator", and the current is quickly connected to the small electric light and emits The flashes of light - they are not dazzling, just like the rotten grass turning into fireflies, unable to compete with the bright moon...
[Tian Chou] was shaken by the light and her steps were unsteady. [Yannan] helped her in time - [Tian Chou] said she felt uncomfortable due to the wind, so [Yannan] helped her back to the cabin. [Xi Yan] and "Tuesday" "Brother" also followed in.
You stopped the joystick and saw your brother-in-law talking in [Cui Shouheng]’s ear, inviting him back to the cabin to continue drinking. [Lianyi] was beside you, and then you heard [Cui Shouheng] laughing and saying something about coming to see the future. Brother-in-law, I called [Yannan] over again... Your original intention was not to show how bright the electric light was, so you chose a simple device that was easiest to disassemble. Then you pretended to be dissatisfied with the effect, and secretly used tools to remove it during inspection. "Magnet", hidden around you. (You stole the generator from school. It had been sealed in the box and tied with ropes. During the day, you told the watermen that once you connected the wires, you could not drive the boat until you removed it. You also lied to the watermen that the machine was from a foreign company. For rented machines, if the boat suddenly moves and the machine is pulled into the river, the watermen will not be able to afford the compensation!)
Then you saw [Yannan] was about to send [Cui Shouheng] home, [Lianyi] went over to help, and the brother-in-law asked "Brother Tuesday" to get the lantern and see off the guests for him... Look at the four people getting off the boat, that's right The brother-in-law said that he had drunk too much and wanted to go back to the room to rest and wait until dawn before dismantling those things - you know that the brother-in-law always carries a set of crossbows and arrows with him. Previously, because he was entertaining guests, he left the crossbows and arrows with him [Lianyi] Live in "Room C" on the second floor.
You walk up to the second floor and pass by the "Small Banquet Hall" first. You see [Tian Chou] lying on the table inside, as if he had drunk too much. [Xi Yan] is talking next to her... Then you go to "C "Fang B" took out his brother-in-law's crossbow, then went back to "Fang B" to pick up the vest with cotton wool inside and the long rope for tying the box, and quickly walked up to the third floor and entered the "viewing room".
Did you know that [Cui Shouheng] would put an iron charcoal basin in the house after the Mid-Autumn Festival, and put burning charcoal in to keep warm at night? In order to avoid being poisoned by "charcoal poison", he would open the small window in the "main room" to ventilate - - The charcoal basin is placed in a fixed position, and you can use this to arrange the docking position of the boat. - The foundation in the "main house" is about 40 centimeters high. From the outside, the small window is more than 2 meters high from the ground, higher than the courtyard wall. The third floor of the boat is higher than the small window.
You opened the south window of the "viewing room" and waited for a while. You saw half of the small window on the north side of the "main house" open, and looked at the light inside - you were afraid of being seen by the other side, so you didn't dare to light it. I wore a vest to protect myself from the cold and kept staring at the charcoal stove in the "viewing room". When there was only the light of burning charcoal in the "main house", I was sure that only the enemy was left inside - [Xi Yan] did not live in the "main house". , you just saw [Tian Chou] in the "small banquet hall", no more accidental killings!
You find a good angle by the window, aim under the charcoal fire, and shoot the "magnet" tied with a rope there.
The small window is not close, so you failed to hit it twice. The "magnet" hit the wall and made two sounds. So you pulled the "magnet" back by the rope and shot again. The third time, you finally hit the carbon in the room. The basin is sucked with a "ding" sound - you slowly pull the rope, pull the charcoal basin to the wall, and continue to pull, the charcoal basin will be pulled up, and the carbon will fall to the ground paved with blue bricks, and continue to burn - You pull the charcoal pot to the window and get stuck, blocking half of the ventilation window. After a while, the sleeping [Cui Shouheng] will die from inhaling "charcoal poison".
You straighten the rope and tie it to the nail used to hang the sign in the "Viewing Room". You go downstairs and put the crossbow back in "Room C". After you come out, you feel a little relaxed. Standing by the window of the second floor corridor, you see someone outside. Holding a lantern and running to the "Big Pier", it turned out to be [Yannan]! You guessed that [Yannan] came to see you, so you quickly went downstairs, looked at the "banquet hall" with candlelight, and vaguely heard a conversation inside, so you walked out of the cabin quietly, met [Yannan] on the first deck, and said to her Fu Er whispered that his brother-in-law should still stay in the "banquet hall" and not to disturb him...
[Yannan] also lowered her voice and blurted out that she missed you... You were afraid of being seen, so you blew out the candles in [Yannan]'s lantern and pulled her into the cabin, not daring to go upstairs. He took her into the "A room" opposite.
When you saw [Yannan], you noticed that she was not wearing thick clothes. After entering the house, you immediately untied the vest outside the gown and hugged her - [Yannan] snuggled up with you and felt the warmth of each other... ····
After a while, you heard a woman outside ask: "Taitai, I'm going back, will you come with me?" Then you heard another woman's voice reply: "I still have something to talk about, you go back first Bar."
"Okay, Taitai." After the woman from before finished speaking, you heard someone walking out of the cabin.
[Yannan] hugged you, unwilling to let you go. You stroked her head and asked her softly what happened after she left school and returned home... [Yannan] When she answered, you heard someone in the corridor of the cabin. Footsteps moved toward the west.
By the time you put [Yannan] to sleep, it was already October 16th - you estimated that [Cui Shouheng] was dead, looking down at the sleeping [Yannan] - although you had never thought of using her for revenge, you still felt With a flash of guilt, he took off his vest and covered her, went upstairs to the "viewing room", pulled the "magnet" back hard, and the iron basin that sealed the small window fell with a "bang" - at this time, the sky It was not light yet, and there was no movement in the "main house".
When you unhooked the "magnet" and threw the rope from the north window of the "viewing room" to the box outside, you accidentally let the "magnet" stick to the lid of the charcoal stove in the room - you broke off the "magnet" hard, Without making any noise, he went downstairs to the first deck and put the "magnet" back into the "generator" under the moonlight. He intentionally avoided [Yannan], so he did not go back to "Room A" and went upstairs to his own "room". Sleep in Room B...
After dawn, you were awakened by a knock on the door. You opened the door to see [Lianyi], who pulled him to the corridor on the first floor without any explanation. Then you saw [Zhou Chitong] and [Tian Chou] coming in from outside the cabin, and [Yannan] came in from " "Room A" came out, [Xi Yan] came down from the second floor - before you could ask what happened, [Lianyi] pointed at the "banquet hall" and shouted: "My father was killed!"

Act 3:

next story
At noon, you all saw your brother-in-law's body and stayed on the boat together, keeping everything on the boat as it was. Just when you were about to discuss and come to a conclusion, "Uncle Fu", the steward of "Cuizhuang", ran into the cabin.
"Uncle Fu" was panting and said that he came to see Taitai, his aunt and the young lady... When "Uncle Fu" saw them, he first greeted them and saluted, and then talked about how he saw [Lianyi] at dawn. 】I came out of "North Courtyard" to say goodbye to him. I took the lantern I borrowed from him last night and hurriedly left "Cuizhuang". It seemed that I had already said hello to the master - "Uncle Fu" remembered that the master came back drunk last night. Yeah, I don’t dare to disturb you right away...
After daybreak, "Uncle Fu" still didn't see the master get up and come out, so he went to knock on the door outside the "main house", but no one answered.
"Uncle Fu" said that he tried to push the door open at that time and found that the door of the "main house" was bolted from the inside. Knowing that the master had the habit of locking the door before going to bed, he knocked hard several times and called to the master, "Uncle Fu" There was still no movement inside - "Uncle Fu" was now panicked. He couldn't find Taitai, his aunt and the young lady at home. He heard that they were all invited to the "Hua Fang" yesterday, and only the young lady accompanied the master back at night. But he is not in "Cuizhuang" at this time.
meaning.
"Uncle Fu" didn't dare to make his own decisions, so he could only come here and find Taitai, his aunt and the young lady to go back and take the initiative.
After [Xi Yan] listened, he took you and [Yannan] home. You, "Brother Tuesday" and [Lianyi] also accompanied them, and followed "Uncle Fu" back to "Cuizhuang" and walked into " North Courtyard", and tried knocking on the door of the "main house" several times, but there was still no response.
[Yannan] got anxious and asked "Uncle Fu" to quickly find someone to break open the door - you, "Brother Tuesday" and [Lianyi] didn't wait for "Uncle Fu" to call the servants, and worked together to open the door of the "main house" Bumping open - As the latch was broken, the door finally opened. You walked in and saw [Cui Shouheng] lying on his side on the bed, his face remained red as if he was drunk, but he was motionless, "Brother Tuesday" He walked forward and tried it with his hands, and hurriedly told everyone that [Cui Shouheng] was dead, and his body was cold...
[Yannan] burst into tears immediately, [Tian Chou] held her in his arms, and [Xi Yan]'s beauty turned pale - you looked around the house with your peripheral vision, and saw that the small window was opened from inside the house, and the brazier tipped over against the wall There is an empty bowl on the table next to the bed...
