
your story
Your full name is [Zhou Lianyi]. You were born in the 22nd year of Guangxu’s reign in the Qing Dynasty (1896) in Cuizhuang. Your father’s name is [Zhou Mengdang]. When you were born, the only people who accompanied your mother [Yu Shi] were your uncle [Zhou Chitong] and uncle [Su Nian] (Yu Su Nian) - your uncle and uncle were only 10 and 2 years older than you. When your mother was about to give birth, they One was in a panic, and the other could only cry on the sidelines. Thanks to Taitai (Wang Shi) of "Cui Zhuang" who called for a midwife, you were born safely, and mother and child were safe.
My mother once worked as a maid in Taitai. Her marriage to her father was decided by the owner of Cui Shouheng. After her mother married her father, she also took her younger brother [Su Nian] to live with her. A father He lived with his mother in the back room, and his uncle lived in the outer room with his uncle.
When your mother was pregnant, your father didn't want his family to live with him, so he decided to go out and join the army, hoping to find a career for you in the future... After you were born, your father wasn't around, your uncle hadn't read many books, and your mother was even more so. If you don't know how to read, go ask Taitai, who comes from a scholarly family, to give you a name.
Taitai was also pregnant at that time. After the confinement, your mother moved you to the "North Courtyard" and lived in the "West House". She took care of you while taking care of Taitai and earning some money for the family at the same time.
My uncle took care of my uncle for my mother and still took him to live in the "front yard". At that time, my uncle was afraid of being laughed at for having a free meal, so he went to the "kitchen" to help cook the fire and earn a few copper coins. He was also worried that something would happen to his uncle if he stayed in the house. Take him with you... When your uncle grows up in a few years and can help him carry firewood, you won't have to watch him all the time.
In the early winter of the year you were born (1896), Taitai gave birth to a daughter named [Yannan] (Cui Yannan).
In the following years, my father returned to "Cuizhuang" every year to visit relatives. Unfortunately, he was never promoted. He stayed in "Cuizhuang" for only a few days before leaving in a hurry... My uncle was young at the time and would sometimes go away to have a daughter. Find your mother in the "North Courtyard" where you live. You and [Yannan] don't need to avoid the distinction between men and women, and have played together since childhood.
You and [Yannan] grew up together in the "North Courtyard". Every time you hear the adults talk about the past, you can remember something - for example, what happened when you were born is what the adults said.
When you were 5 years old (1900), you didn't see your mother in the "North Courtyard" one day, and you only saw her coming back with red eyes in the evening.
The next night, your mother carried you to the "front yard" and went to where your uncle and uncle lived. After your mother entered the house, she only saw your uncle and asked him if your uncle was in the house. Uncle said he wasn't here... Because it was late, you were already sleepy when your mother took you out. Seeing her talking to your uncle, you fell asleep in her arms...
Your mother didn't stay to wait for your uncle to come back, and took you back to the "West Room" in the "North Courtyard". You heard someone calling "Bao Liu" in a daze, and when you opened your eyes, you saw your mother walking out of the house. You never saw her again. return!
You didn't see your mother all night, so you went to the "main house" to look for her. Taitai left you to eat. At that time, you didn't know that your mother had disappeared... A few days later, Taitai called his uncle and took out the food. Give your uncle a few taels of silver, saying it's the wages his sister-in-law (your mother) paid for helping Taitai embroider things for her daughter, and then ask your uncle to take you out of the "North Courtyard" where the female relatives live.
From then on, you lived in the "front yard" with your aunt and uncle. You often cried when you couldn't find your mother, and your uncle kept coaxing you - every time you asked your aunt, is your mother back? He helped you run to the "North Courtyard" to ask, but there was still no whereabouts of your mother.
Soon after, my father came back to visit relatives. When he didn't see his mother, he went out to drink with a serious face. He came back drunk and was helped into the back room to rest by his uncle. After his father sobered up, he told you that he would come back when he became a general. After picking you up, he left "Cuizhuang" again.
After winter, you heard that Taitai's sister [Xi Yan] married [Cui Shouheng] as a concubine.
Later, your uncle helped you go to the "North Courtyard" to ask if your mother was back. Not long after entering, he pulled [Yannan] out and asked you to play with you in the "Front Courtyard".
You and your uncle heard [Yannan] say that she saw her father going to the "Xi Yan Fang" to look for her aunt, but she still didn't return to the "Master's Room" at night, so she wanted to go to her aunt to call her father back - but her mother didn't allow her to go, and she kept asking her to come back. Sighing, she asked the maid [Bao Gan] to hold her and go to the "South Courtyard" to spend the night together...
When you were 6 years old (1901), [Cui Shouheng] discovered that money had been lost at home. He went to the "front yard" and searched everyone's residence. He did not find the money, so he suspected that Taitai had stolen it... ·Taitai was so angry that he fell ill that night.
You thought Taitai was a good person, but you didn't expect that she coughed up blood and died before she could survive the winter. You were very sad about her death. You also heard that Taitai's body was black and blue... This year, you didn't see your father. Don't know his situation.
After the New Year (1902), [Xi Yan] was righted and became the new Taitai.
At the end of summer, my father finally became a "bangdao" (a kind of deputy military attache) and returned to "Cuizhuang" to pick up you and your uncle. Your uncle knelt down in front of your father and begged you to take him with you - you and your uncle. He has been living with his uncle for many years, sharing the joys and sorrows, and also helped him to beg his father, and his father agreed to take him away together.
You will never forget the day you left "Cuizhuang". It was raining outside, and [Yannan] ran out, crying and saying that she didn't want you to leave... you must follow your father, so you promised her that you would definitely come back in the future!
After leaving "Cuizhuang", you first lived with your father in the military camp in Lianghuai and watched him lead troops to drill every day... Later, you and your uncle were sent to study, and your uncle found a job in a foreign bank.
In the first year of the Republic of China (1912), men cut off their braids and men and women were no longer strictly prohibited from meeting each other. My father followed him and changed from the Qing army to the new army. His immediate boss was changed to the "Henan and Anhui Border Envoy" (Ni Sichong) who was deeply trusted by the president.
Last year (1913), my uncle went to Hefei City to apply for a job as a teacher in a new school, and you still stayed with your father.
This year (1914), warlords from all over the country were proud of their troops. After the immediate boss of my father's army was promoted to "General Anwu", he led the "Anwu Army" to dominate Anhui. The Governor's Mansion built in Bengbu was called the "General's Administration", also known as The "General's Mansion" was used as the center to control the salt tax and monopolize the power. It also sent special personnel to Shanghai to purchase steam generators and prepared to install them in the "General's Mansion" to energize and install lights - at this time, the electric lights were called "Incandescent lamps" were invented a few decades ago. After continuous improvement, the filament in the light bulb has now been changed from the original "carbon filament" to "tungsten filament".
My father received an order and was transferred to work in Hefei. He brought you here with him, saying that he would find a good job for you. After you followed your father to Hefei, you again thought of "Cuizhuang" located on the shore of Chao Lake, and also thought of your uncle in the city. He teaches at a new-style school here, so go to the school to find him and tell him about your father and your coming here.
When you were talking to your uncle in the school, you found a female student looking at you quietly - you thought she looked a bit like [Yannan], so you walked over and tried to shout "Yannan", but you didn't expect that it was really her. !
[Yannan] nodded in surprise after being recognized, and felt that you looked familiar - you couldn't hold back your joy, first reported your name, and then said that you had just returned to Hefei, and you would visit her home after you settled in.
You suddenly reunited with your childhood friend. Naturally, you have a lot to say, but [Yannan] hasn’t talked to you yet.
After a few words, he was interrupted by the sound of the school bell, and he had to return to the classroom.
After you go home, your mind is full of the beautiful image of [Yannan] today. She is lying on the bed, tossing and turning, unable to sleep - she is no longer the little girl who cried easily before, but has become a slim female student, making her Your heart is beating...
You planned to go to the school to find [Yannan] the next day, but unexpectedly, your father had already found you a job as a document handler (garrison clerk) in the garrison yamen army in the city. After dawn, he took you to various places to do business and visit. , no idle found.
In September, after you got familiar with your job, you went to the Yamen to tally and report the school funding of each school in Hefei. Then you finally had time to rest and went to see [Yannan] immediately. Unexpectedly, the school was already on holiday and the students had all gone home. --You can't see [Yannan], and you miss her more and more... Only then do you realize that you have fallen in love with [Yannan]!
During the Mid-Autumn Festival (October 4th), you spent the holiday with your father. Seeing that he was unhappy, you missed [Yannan], so you drank a few more drinks and went to bed early.
After dawn, you saw your uncle coming to your father with red eyes, saying that he planned to build a factory to produce the latest technology of "incandescent lamps", and asked your father to use his connections in the army to open up the joints of the "General's Mansion". Earn a sum of money to purchase electric lights for the government, and then sell them throughout the province and the country... As for the capital, you can go to [Cui Shouheng] to invest - as long as your father with a military background comes forward, and [Cui Shouheng] 】Explain the benefits and dividends, use both kindness and power, and you will definitely attract him to invest!
After hearing this, my father thought it was feasible and asked his uncle to visit [Cui Shouheng] in "Cuizhuang" first and get a feel for it, and then he would go and talk about it - you heard that your father was going to cooperate with [Cui Shouheng], and you felt happy and waited for your uncle. After leaving, he told his father about his love for [Yannan].
Father agrees to propose marriage to you, but not now - father plans to talk to [Cui Shouheng] about investing in building a factory first. If [Cui Shouheng] agrees, it will be much easier to talk about marriage later...Father then I warn you not to reveal your marriage proposal before it is done.
On October 13, my uncle came to see my father and said that he had prepared the equipment for display... My father didn't know much about foreign things, so he listened to his uncle and only asked to save money as much as possible.
On October 14th, your father asked you to go to "Cui Zhuang" to deliver an invitation - you came to "Cui Zhuang", met with [Cui Shouheng], handed the invitation to him with your own hands, responded politely to the conversation, and then left. After returning home, I learned that my father had acquired a three-story boat and planned to entertain [Cui Shouheng] on it.
At noon on October 15th, my father, dressed in casual clothes, took my uncle and you across the lake in a boat, and then anchored to the "big pier" on the lakeside to prepare for a banquet. In the afternoon, [Cui Shouheng] and his uncle took a car to attend the appointment and were welcomed into the cabin by his father.
When you see [Cui Shouheng] coming to the appointment, you think of [Yannan], and you can't help but feel excited. You hope that your father can quickly negotiate the business and then propose the marriage. You also think of the need to "approval the eight characters" before proposing the marriage, so you open the "Bazi" that you brought with you. "Tips", take out the red paper inside - when you were born, your mother asked Taitai to name you, and then wrote your birthday on the red paper - you were illiterate when you were a child, so your mother put it in the "Tips" for you , always carry it with you.
You see that the year, month, day, and hour of your birth are written on the red paper, so you first calculate the corresponding Heavenly Stems and Earthly Branches for the fifth lunar month of the Bingshen Year (1896), and suddenly you feel something is wrong!
When you were a child, you heard your mother say once that she married your father only after the Double Ninth Festival (the ninth day of the ninth lunar month) in the Year of Yiwei (1895)... You had learned arithmetic and calculated the days, and you couldn't help but be surprised. Breaking into a cold sweat - you keep comforting yourself that your father and mother may have made a private decision before marriage, so you were born less than 10 months after their marriage - in any case, this matter is related to the reputation of father and mother. , Famous and honorable, never let others know!
You want to find out the truth, but the immediate priority is to conceal the matter - the "brocade bag" was embroidered by your mother. You can't throw it away, so you put it back in "Room C" on the second floor where you and your father live, and then Tear up the red paper, run to the "kitchen" on the first floor, and throw it into the stove while they are busy serving food and wine to the "banquet hall"... After you finished all this, you heard your uncle looking for you. , walked out of the cabin and came to the deck.
At this time, the waterman has moored the boat. Your uncle asked you to help him install a hand-cranked "generator" on the deck in front of the boat. He then pulled out two long wires and connected them to the trees on the west side of the big pier. , connected with several glass products (small light bulbs) - you guessed that the uncle was going to turn on the electricity after dark and show it to [Cui Shouheng].
After you and your uncle were doing wiring under the tree, your uncle got off the boat and asked what you were doing - before your uncle could answer, you saw [Yannan] and two women walking over - your uncle saw them and took you with him He and his uncle greeted him.

The story after the pleasantries
[Tian Chou] and [Yannan] both accepted uncle's invitation, and [Xi Yan] also nodded in agreement, and followed you to board the boat, carefully bypassing the generators, wires and tools installed in front of the boat, and walked into the "banquet hall" , I met [Cui Shouheng] with my father who was having a drink inside - my father stood up to welcome me, and my uncle said that we would watch "Incandescent Light" together after dark, and then talked about the past in "Cui Zhuang"... You From time to time you look at [Yannan] and see her turning her head sideways - the beauty is very close at hand. You decide not to think about the annoying issue of life experience and just pretend that the red piece of paper does not exist.
After all, there are differences between men and women, [Xi Yan] then took [Tian Chou] and [Yannan] to the "small banquet hall" on the second floor for a drink, while the men stayed in the "banquet hall" - the uncle wanted to persuade [Cui Shouheng] to invest, and he wanted to You, who want to please your future father-in-law, raise your glasses to [Cui Shouheng] one after another. Your uncle also joins you, talking about the prospects of the factory and adding more wine to [Cui Shouheng] - under your turns to persuade you to drink, you are already three points drunk. [Cui Shouheng] drank a lot more.
When it got dark, everyone walked out of the cabin and stood on the south deck of the first floor of the boat. They were blown by the cool breeze and sobered up a little. My uncle went to turn the hand-cranked "generator", and the current was quickly connected to the small electric light, which emitted The flashes of light - they are not dazzling, just like the rotten grass turning into fireflies, unable to compete with the bright moon...
You looked at [Yannan] and saw her supporting [Tian Chou] who was unsteady on her feet - [Tian Chou] said she felt uncomfortable due to the wind, so [Yannan] helped her back to the cabin - you heard [Yannan] say When I was about to send [Tian Chou] upstairs to the "small banquet hall", I saw my uncle following [Xi Yan] into the cabin.
The uncle stopped the joystick, and his father spoke in [Cui Shouheng]’s ear, and then invited him back to the cabin to continue drinking. You stayed with him, and only heard his father whisper: Let your daughter marry my son... ···[Cui Shouheng] laughed and said that he wanted his daughter to come to meet his future in-laws and called [Yannan] over.
You were overjoyed when you saw [Yannan] and his uncle coming down from the second floor one after the other - [Yannan] saw [Cui Shouheng] staggering, his face flushed, and his mouth smelled of alcohol, so you were about to send him home. , you go over to help right away... My father asked his uncle to get the lantern and see off the guests for him. The uncle was still checking the machine.
Uncle is holding a lantern in one hand and holding [Cui Shouheng] with you in the other. [Yannan] follows you around the generators, wires and tools installed in front of the boat. He didn't see the carriage, so he could only walk back along the road.
[Yannan] After returning to "Cuizhuang", go to the servant and put the lit charcoal into the charcoal basin in the "main house" - when you hold [Cui Shouheng] into the "North Courtyard" and return to the room, [Cui Shouheng] Shouting for water, uncle went to the "kitchen"...
When the uncle came to the "main house" with a bowl of water, the charcoal basin in the house was already lit with charcoal. You helped [Cui Shouheng] sit on the bed, and since you wanted to be attentive in front of [Yannan] and her father, you took the water bowl from your uncle's hand.
[Yannan] wanted to open the small window of the "main room", but couldn't reach it, so his uncle moved a chair from the bedside, stepped on it and opened half of the small window, and saw that it was dark outside.
After the uncle came down, he moved the chair back to its original place. [Cui Shouheng] shouted for water again. [Yannan] took the bowl of water you handed over, turned around and gave it to [Cui Shouheng], watching him drink it all in one breath. .
[Cui Shouheng] was still awake after drinking water. After putting down the bowl, he said he wanted to rest. You all exited the "main room" and heard [Cui Shouheng] lock the door from the inside.
【Yannan】Seeing that it is already getting late, I will leave you and your uncle to stay in the "guest room".
[Yannan] After you have settled in, go to the "South Courtyard"... Just when you are about to chase after you and say a few words, just listen.
When your uncle asked you to go to the "guest room" first, you had no choice but to walk into the "guest room", but you didn't see your uncle coming.
You waited for a while, but still didn't see your uncle come back, so you walked out of the "guest room", took advantage of the moonlight, and came to the door of the "South Courtyard". You tried to push it, but found that the door was not locked, so you walked in, looking for [ Yannan].
There were no lights on in the rooms in the "South Courtyard", and no one answered when you knocked on the door. After waiting for a while, I felt the night wind getting colder and couldn't help but shudder. I turned around and saw a dry well with a piece of it locked with an iron chain. The wooden board that sealed the well mouth seemed to have not been opened for many years... When you looked at the dry well, you suddenly heard a noise, startled you, and hurriedly left the south courtyard.
You didn't see [Yannan] and wanted to go back to Huafang to ask your father how the conversation with [Cui Shouheng] went today and whether marriage was mentioned just now.
When you walked outside the door of the "housekeeper's room", you heard another noise. Then you went into the house to find the housekeeper and said that you wanted to go back and borrow a lantern from him... The housekeeper "Uncle Fu" asked you to enter the house and turn off the door first. I went to the door and found a lantern to discredit you in the house. I also looked for candles and it took a long time to light the lantern.
You hold the lantern and leave "Cuizhuang" and carefully return along the road. When you cross the bridge, you vaguely see candlelight moving towards the "Barren Mountain" - you then walk towards the lake and come to the "Big Pier". Unexpectedly, there is a springboard for boarding the ship. It has been taken back to the boat by the waterman and cannot get on the boat.
It's already dark now, and it's not convenient for you to shout. You can only walk back to "Cuizhuang" and the "guest room" along the same route. Because there is a lantern, you don't need to light the candles in the room. You blow out the candles in the lantern after going to bed. , fell asleep.
On October 16th, you got up before dawn and went to the "South Courtyard" again. No one answered the knock on the door, so you thought [Yannan] was going to see [Cui Shouheng], so you went to the "North Courtyard" , unable to open the door of the "main house" and knocking on the door, no one answered, so I had no choice but to give up.
If you want to go back to see your father, you go to the housekeeper to say goodbye, carry a lantern and leave "Cuizhuang". It's already dawn when you come out, so you blow out the candles in the lantern and walk quickly along the road to the "Big Pier". When you see the waterman lifting the gangplank After setting it out, he immediately ran onto the boat, bypassed the pile of things installed in front of the boat and ran into the cabin. He first went upstairs to "Room C" where he and his father lived. When he opened the door, he saw no one.
You think your father may have drunk too much last night and stayed in the "banquet hall", so you ran downstairs, opened the door of the "banquet hall", and saw your father lying on the ground, with an arrow stuck in his heart, and he was already dead. ! You were so frightened that you let go of the lantern in your hand, and then thought that you didn't see your father's crossbow in Room C just now - your father practiced martial arts in his early years and used to carry crossbows with him. Yesterday, because he was entertaining guests, he left the crossbows and pistols in the second room. Floor "C Room".
You panicked and ran up to the second floor to knock on the door of "Room B". When your uncle who lived inside opened the door, you pulled him to the corridor on the first floor without any explanation. Then you saw your uncle and [Tian Chou] coming from outside the cabin. Come in, [Yannan] comes out from "Room A", [Xi Yan] comes down from the second floor - before anyone asks, you point to the "Banquet Hall" and shout: "My father was killed!"

next story
At noon, you all saw your father's body and stayed on the boat together, keeping everything on the boat as it was. Just when you were about to discuss and come to a conclusion, "Uncle Fu", the steward of "Cuizhuang", ran into the cabin.
"Uncle Fu" was panting and said that he came to see Taitai, his aunt and the young lady... When "Uncle Fu" saw them, he first asked An to salute, and then said that at dawn, he saw you coming from "Beiyuan" came out to say goodbye to him. He took the lantern he borrowed from him last night and hurriedly left "Cuizhuang". It seemed that he had already greeted the master - "Uncle Fu" remembered that the master came back drunk last night. Don't dare to disturb me right away...
After daybreak, "Uncle Fu" still didn't see the master get up and come out, so he went to knock on the door outside the "main house", but no one answered.
"Uncle Fu" said that he tried to push the door open at that time and found that the door of the "main house" was bolted from the inside. Knowing that the master had the habit of locking the door before going to bed, he knocked hard several times and called to the master, "Uncle Fu" There was still no movement inside - "Uncle Fu" was now panicked. He couldn't find Taitai, his aunt and the young lady at home. He heard that they were all invited to the "Hua Fang" yesterday, and only the young lady accompanied the master back at night. But he is not in "Cuizhuang" at this time.
meaning.
"Uncle Fu" didn't dare to make his own decisions, so he could only come here and find Taitai, his aunt and the young lady to go back and take the initiative.
[Xi Yan] After listening, he took [Tian Chou] and [Yannan] home. You and your uncles also accompanied them. You followed "Uncle Fu" back to "Cuizhuang" and walked into "North Courtyard" , and tried knocking on the door of the "main house" several times, but still no response.
[Yannan] Get anxious and ask "Uncle Fu" to quickly find someone to break open the door of the room - you and your uncle and uncle won't wait for "Uncle Fu" to call the servants, and work together to open the door of the "main house" - then After the door latch was broken, the door finally opened. You walked in and saw [Cui Shouheng] lying on his side on the bed. His face remained red as if he was drunk, but he was motionless. Your uncle stepped forward and tried it with his hands. , hurriedly told everyone that [Cui Shouheng] was dead and his body was cold...
[Yannan] burst into tears immediately, [Tian Chou] held her in his arms, [Xi Yan] was so frightened that her face turned pale... You looked around and saw that the small window was still open from the The room was open, the brazier was overturned against the wall, and there was an empty bowl on the table next to the bed.
