
story background
September 28, 1914 (the third year of the Republic of China)
On the outskirts of Shanghai, there is a "Tan Mansion" built on a cliff, backed by the sea, with a path leading to the beach to the west and a main road to the south.
"Tan Mansion" has three floors. Each floor is more than two meters high indoors. After being powered on, Western chandeliers are hung. The second and third floors have built-in balconies (with fences more than one meter high) facing the west and the sea. There are five rooms with bathrooms (baths). The lobby on the first floor connects to the second floor (there is also a balcony in the middle of the second floor). Meter-high fence, you can overlook the hall from the second-floor corridor.

your story
Your name is [Hai You] and you were born in the 19th year of Guangxu's reign in the Qing Dynasty (1893). After your father (Wei Yangfeng) passed away, your mother (Zhou Shi) raised you independently - in your childhood memories, she almost never smiled. .
When you were 9 years old (1901), your mother passed away, and you were sent to an orphanage in Pudong. You cried all day long in a shabby strange house, and you always dreamed of your mother... Fortunately, your mother took care of you before she died. You went to find relatives in the "Wei family" to adopt you. A cousin (Wei Yangyao) who had been married for several years and had no children picked you up from the orphanage, but his wife [Lv Caiqian] (your cousin) did not I don’t like you - you are afraid that if you can’t stay at your cousin’s house, you will have to be sent back to the orphanage...
Later, your cousin and his wife took you to "Tan Mansion" as a guest, and met "Mrs. Tan" - "Mrs. Tan" also had no children. When he heard about your life experience, he hugged you - you hadn't been loved for a long time. Someone hugged you, and the sudden warmth made you cry - you said "Mrs. Tan" while crying, which reminded you of your mother...
"Mrs. Tan" took pity on your loneliness and recognized you as an adopted daughter, kept you and let you live next door to the "Housekeeper's House" (Hai You House) - you cherished your current life very much, and would go to the "Housekeeper's House" every day when you got up early. Say hello to the room" and accompany "Mrs. Tan" to dress up. "Mrs. Tan" is very kind to you and personally teaches you how to read and write.
Whenever you think of your deceased mother and cry under the quilt, "Mrs. Tan" will always come over to sleep with you and hold you when you have nightmares... You learn from "Mrs. Tan" Recovering the long-lost family love, lest it be lost again.
You quickly learn that "Mrs. Tan" is named [Luo Mingsha]. Her ancestors ran "Yuanheng Luoshi" (commercial firm). She married from Ningbo to Shanghai. Her husband [Tan Renchang] is keen on horse racing and socializing, and is often drunk. , even ignoring that his father was on the third floor (now "Guest Room 1"), bedridden... Every time his uncle or aunt came to visit, "Mrs. Tan" was very happy and would stay for two She lived in "Guest Room 2" on the third floor. She kept talking to her cousin until nightfall, then reluctantly watched her go upstairs. If her cousin left first, "Mrs. Tan" would go upstairs to find her cousin. overnight.
You have lived in the "Tan Mansion" for a long time, and you heard the maids talking about "Mrs. Tan" as a terrible "witch" - you heard them say that "Mrs. Tan" never got pregnant after marrying, which made your mother-in-law Dissatisfied, later someone saw "Mrs. Tan" practicing "witchcraft" with her maid, lighting seven candles in the house, and killing the pets raised by [Tan Renchang]...[Tan After Renchang's parents checked the matter, they asked their daughter-in-law to throw away all those things. "Mrs. Tan" even used curses to scare her parents-in-law... After hearing this, you just feel that "Mrs. Tan" is very pitiful - "Mrs. "Tan" who married from Ningbo to Shanghai must be very lonely in a strange environment and people... The mysticism in foreign lands always has unparalleled appeal, maybe she just read it in a book Record it, try it in private, and then take the opportunity to make a big fuss after being discovered!
You later heard from an older maid that the maid who performed "witchcraft" with "Mrs. Tan" committed suicide by jumping into the sea one day later - someone saw the maid holding a small baby in her hand before she died. Bird...[Tan Renchang]'s mother witnessed the incident on the "balcony corridor" on the third floor. After being frightened, she fell ill and died soon afterwards...[Tan Renchang] His father also fell ill afterwards!
You regard "Mrs. Tan" as your mother and don't believe that she can use "witchcraft" to curse and harm people. You angrily told the maids to stop talking nonsense!
You finally understand that "Mrs. Tan" has been misunderstood by people in "Tan Mansion" over the years, and maybe even her
Her husband didn’t believe her. No wonder every time he saw his cousin’s family, it was like seeing his relatives...
Three years later (1904), [Tan Renchang]'s father passed away. He completely lost his restraint and became more and more unscrupulous. He indulged in sensuality, became a frequent visitor to nightclubs, and spent money like water - "Mrs. Tan" once blamed her husband for this. , but he said it was a business event and he wanted to find someone to help him in the nightclub... "Mrs. Tan" would turn a blind eye to it and sometimes go out to "Tan Mansion" to go shopping. Shopping.
Later, [Tan Renchang]'s relative of the same clan passed away, so he brought his relative's son, his nephew [Shang Zhi] (Tan Shang Zhi), to the "Tan Mansion" and let him live on the second floor (Shang Zhi's house). for him to continue studying and cultivate intentionally.
[Shang Zhi] is 6 years older than you. In his free time, he likes to bring fishing gear and go fishing, which is worthy of your brother and sister. You like to read. You saw that [Shang Zhi] brought back many books from the teacher and put them in the third-floor "book stack" If you are there, go borrow it from him and read it - you can't read books in foreign languages, so you can only read them in Chinese. Even so, those various books are enough to open your eyes.
A few years later (1908), [Shang Zhi] completed his studies and became a teacher, still living in "Tan Mansion".
A year later (1909), her cousin's father passed away. She came to ask "Mrs. Tan" to write a letter, asking her brother [Lv Mingran] to inherit his father's business and continue to be the manager of "Yuanheng Luo" in Shanghai.
"Mrs. Tan" wrote a letter first, and then returned to Ningbo to visit her brother. At that time, her cousin would come to "Tan Mansion" every day to inquire about news, and seemed to be very anxious, until "Mrs. Tan" was sent back to Shanghai by her brother. ······Soon after, "Mrs. Tan"'s brother appointed [Lv Mingran] as manager to manage the business in Shanghai.
Last year (1913), at the end of September, the cousin's aunt came to "Tan Mansion" for help because her brother [Lv Mingran] was unemployed. After [Tan Renchang] heard about it, he arranged for [Lv Mingran] to live in his "Jicai". He works in the "Medicine Shop" and always takes him with him when he goes out - you sometimes see [Lv Mingran] in the "Tan Mansion".
In October, [Shang Zhi] gave you a blue designer dress - you had seen "Mrs. Tan" buy this brand before, and knowing that it was expensive, you immediately reminded yourself and [Shang Zhi] that they are "brother and sister" "Relationship, don't think too much. After returning home, you hide this gift under the bed and don't dare to take it out of the box and wear it.
This year (1914), on September 5th, when my cousin came to chat with "Mrs. Tan", she told a terrible thing: It turned out that "Mrs. Tan's" brother once borrowed money from a business group, and the collateral was " Yuanheng Luo's dock and land in Shanghai, I heard that the repayment deadline was coming... "Mrs. Tan" was restless all day long... A few days later, "Mrs. . Tan" took his personal maid (A Ping) and left Shanghai by boat.
The cousin seemed to be very concerned about this matter and came to "Tan Mansion" every day to wait for "Mrs. Tan" to come back.
On September 15th, [Shang Zhi] went out and quickly went back to the second-floor room to pick up fishing gear. Shortly after he left, [Lv Mingran] brought a young man. [Tan Renchang] was very happy to see them and took the fishing gear on the spot. The young man recognized him as his adopted son, named him [Cheng Ge] (Tan Cheng Ge), let him live in the second floor of "Tan Mansion" (Cheng Ge room), and asked [Shang Zhi] to teach [Cheng Ge] how to read.
In the next few days, [Tan Renchang] always took [Cheng Ge] out and came back drunk. [Shang Zhi] couldn't teach him anything at all - you think [Cheng Ge]'s origin is not simple, and then you find that he I always look at you and avoid you intentionally.
On September 25th, "Mrs. Tan" finally came back. At that time, her cousin had already said goodbye and went back. When you accompanied "Mrs. Tan" to the "collection room" on the third floor to put away the things she brought back from Ningbo, you put [Cheng Ge 】Things have been said...
At that time, you didn’t know that “Mrs. Tan” had more trouble than the sudden appearance of [Cheng Ge], until you heard that “Mrs. Tan”’s brother had passed away, and then [Lv Mingran] brought “Mrs. Tan” Here comes a more terrifying news - before his death, "Mrs. Tan"'s brother hurriedly sold all the businesses of "Yuanheng Luo" in Wuhan in order to raise money to repay the loan. Since then, "Yuanheng Luo" has existed in name only. , there is only one wharf left in Shanghai...
The day before yesterday (September 26), a "Liao Gongzi" came to visit "Tan Mansion" on behalf of "Liao's Trading Company". "Mrs. Tan" hurried downstairs - you are worried about "Mrs. Tan", in the "reception room" "Eavesdropping outside the door, I found out that the other party was here to collect debts: It turned out that although "Mrs. Tan's" brother had paid off the previous loan, "Yuanheng Luo" still owed a large amount of compensation for breach of contract... ····[Tan Renchang] was unwilling to give money to the "Luo family" to repay the debt, and only agreed to help "Mrs. Tan" hire a lawyer... "Mrs. Tan" proposed to use the dock to pay the debt, and "Liao Gongzi" listened. Finally, he said that he would go and investigate first - if it was worth the compensation, he would agree.
After "Liao Gongzi" left, "Mrs. Tan" fell into deep uneasiness. You wanted to help her share her worries, but there was nothing you could do - [Tan Renchang] sent [Lv Mingran] to contact the lawyer, and then took [Cheng Ge] in a car with a cheerful face. Go out. In the evening, you saw that "Mrs. Tan" had not eaten, so you went to the "kitchen" on the first floor to get her dinner, but she had no intention of eating at all.
Yesterday (September 27), "Mrs. Tan" asked [Lv Mingran] to come over for discussion. The cousin and her brother came to "Tan Mansion" together - "Mrs. Tan" said that she planned to use the dock to pay off the debt. They were also worried that the value of the pier would not be worth the compensation, but [Lv Mingran] could not estimate the value of the pier... Seeing that "Mrs. Tan" was so anxious, my aunt took the initiative to stay with her... ··After "Mrs. Tan" thought hard for a long time, she suddenly asked her cousin to play a Western game with her, and sent you to tell the maid to move all the furniture out of "Guest Room 1" and find an animal to put in it. ······You arrive on the third floor, and after giving the instructions of "Mrs. Tan" to the maid "Aunt Yao", you see the bird cages and birds on the "balcony corridor" on the third floor, and you wait for the maid. After people moved the furniture, they took a birdcage with a bird in "guest room one"...
[Tan Renchang] took [Lv Mingran] out for a drink in the afternoon. Before they came back after dark, the maid said that there are people in "Guest Room 2" and "Guest Room 3" on the third floor. "Mrs. Tan" will stay with you. Spend the night in Hai Youfang.
Today (September 28), in the early morning, "Mrs. Tan" came to your room to wake up your aunt and you, and told "A Ping" to find someone to send hot water to your respective rooms - the three of you one after another Take a shower, put on the black robe brought by "Mrs. Tan", and go upstairs together - "Mrs. Tan" walks in front, and you follow her and your cousin, walking around the corridor on the west side of "Guest Room 1". After taking out the bed, furniture and other items, enter "Guest Room 1" where the furniture has been removed, and see the birdcage and bird you brought in before.
It was almost 2 o'clock in the morning, "Mrs. Tan" asked you to go to the "utility room" to get a match and seven candles... You found everything in the "utility room" and took back the "Guest Room 1" "When I saw a "seven-cornered array" drawn with cinnabar on the ground in the room, there were also symbols you couldn't understand written on it... "Mrs. Tan" took the candle and separated them. Place it on the seven corners of the array and light it with a few matches.
Then "Mrs. Tan" asked you to kill the bird, and you nervously started to do it, then put the bird's body into the "seven-cornered array" and accidentally got blood on your sleeve... "Mrs. Tan" "At this time, I took my aunt's and your hands and began to chant in a low voice - you vaguely heard: "Noble Manna, existing in the soul and the four elements, as well as light and darkness... Please accept the sacrifice. , to fulfill my wishes for Allah (me)..."
At about 3 o'clock in the morning, when the candles burned out, "Mrs. Tan" took your cousin and you out of "Guest Room 1" -
You came out last and closed the door to "guest room one".
You followed your cousin and "Mrs. Tan", becoming more and more uneasy on the road... When you passed the corridor and went downstairs, you held your cousin's hand from behind - your cousin's face when she turned around A look of horror...
You hold your aunt's hand tightly and ask her in a low voice what the "game" just meant. Your aunt shook her head and said she didn't know. You didn't dare to ask any more questions. You tried your best to pretend to be calm, and your aunt took you back to your room. After your aunt entered the room, you walked into the bathroom. Then I breathed a sigh of relief and felt tired at the same time, so I took off my black robe and went to bed...
At about 9 o'clock, you heard a knock on the door next door, slowly opened your eyes, and saw that your aunt had gotten up and was standing by the door. You also got up, and your aunt took you to the bathroom to dress up together, and then changed your clothes. clothes.
At about 10 o'clock, you heard the sound of "bang" and wanted to see "Mrs. Tan", so you told your cousin that you were going to the "main house" to say hello. After you walked out of the "Hai You Room", you remembered what happened in the early morning again. You walked through the door of the "Master's Room" with your head lowered. When you looked up again, you saw a rope hanging from a chandelier - you went to the fence and leaned forward to look again. I saw a person hanging under the rope. It turned out to be [Lv Mingran] - [Lv Mingran]'s neck was caught in the rope loop, hanging in the hall on the first floor. His feet were off the ground and he was no longer moving!
You were so frightened that you immediately screamed. At this time, your cousin also came out of the "Hai You Room" and walked to you. After seeing [Lv Mingran]'s appearance, she collapsed on the ground.
You hurriedly supported your aunt, and then you saw "Mrs. Tan", "Liao Gongzi", and [Shang Zhi] standing at the stairs on the west side of the corridor on the second floor, and [Cheng Ge] walked from "Cheng Ge's Room" Come out...
"Liao Gongzi" is the calmest person among you. He said to put down the hanging person quickly - only then did everyone react, go downstairs from both sides and gather on the first floor...

your secret
You deeply loved "Mrs. Tan" who was like a mother and put her photo in a personal pendant. You never wanted her to be harmed, so you decisively killed [Tan Renchang] and "his woman".
As early as a few years ago (1908), when you were chatting with your cousin at "Mrs. Tan", you went to the "library" on the third floor alone to look for books. You were called into the "utility room" by [Tan Renchang] and watched him take out some books. A "silver key" opens the secret door in the cabinet and leads you into a secret room with a big bed. It has evil intentions - you resist desperately and say you want to tell "Mrs. Tan"! [Tan Renchang] Then let go and warn you not to inform that "Rakshasa"...
You took the opportunity to open the secret door on the other side of the secret room, fled downstairs from the "collection room", grabbed your clothes and ran back to your room, hid under the quilt and cried. When "Mrs. Tan" came to see you, you said you had a nightmare. , she stayed with you - that night, you were saved by "Mrs. Tan" again...
This year (1914), on September 25, when you accompanied "Mrs. Tan" to the "Collection Room" on the third floor, you noticed that the box she brought back contained "fire blunderbuss" and black powder, and another cabinet contained 6 After putting the knife... "Mrs. Tan" out, you vaguely heard the sound of a man and a woman having fun, so you listened carefully and found that the sound came from behind a shelf. Then you saw the shelf being moved slowly. Pushed away... You hurriedly hid, only to hear [Tan Renchang] saying goodbye to the person, and saying that he would come back tomorrow or the day after tomorrow... Then you saw [Tan Renchang] put his airs on the dark side. He pushed the door back and walked out without finding you. You know that this is a "secret room" and that the entrance to the "utility room" requires a "silver key" to open - you remember that after "Ms. Tan" leaves, you will still go to the "main room" to greet her every morning when you see [Tan Renchang] I was sitting on the couch on the "small balcony" of the "main house" with my eyes closed and my legs crossed, and I remembered that I had seen this kind of action in a book, and it lasted for an hour...
On September 26, when you were helping "Mrs. Tan" serve dinner in the "kitchen" on the first floor, you heard [Tan Renchang] who came back drunk saying that you wanted a lawyer to make a new will and then drive that "Rakshasa" away. ······
Yesterday (September 27), in the afternoon, a strange Woman came to visit and said she was looking for [Tan Renchang]. You first ask her who she is? Woman lowered her head and said nothing. You asked her if she had anything to convey to her... Then Woman spoke, first asking you not to tell "Mrs. Tan" that she had been here, and then she whispered that she was here for her and 【Tan Renchang】's child comes... You immediately think of the woman who had secret love with 【Tan Renchang】 in the secret room, and what 【Tan Renchang】 said - something happened at "Mrs. Tan's" family now, [Tan Renchang] not only refused to help, but also took the opportunity to let the children he had with other women live in the "Tan Mansion". I am afraid that before long, they will reunite as a family, occupy the magpie's nest again, and drive away "Mrs. Tan" !
You can't allow this to happen, so you pretend to agree first, take Woman to "Guest Room 3" on the third floor, and ask her to wait here for [Tan Renchang] to come back - Woman doesn't dare to let "Mrs. Tan" find out at this time, Just hide in the room... While you were thinking of a solution, "Mrs. Tan" suddenly wanted to play a foreign game and asked you to go to the third floor to prepare... When you took off the birdcage, Thinking that "Mrs. Tan" is facing difficulties and needs to seek help from "witchcraft" - this makes you feel more sorry for "Mrs. Tan", so you take it into consideration, and when you order the furniture to be moved, only the narrow aisle is left - at that time [ Shang Zhi] Before returning home from going out, you go to his room and take out the fishing line. Then, taking the opportunity to put the birdcage, hang both ends of the fishing line on the window of "Guest Room 1", hang it down in the middle, and use the "mourning hall" to get it The "oil-soaked cotton thread" connected a string of seven candles, and the "fire gun" was filled with black powder from the paper bag in the box...
Today (September 28), in the early morning, you sneaked into the "main room" while "Mrs. Tan" and his cousin were bathing in the two rooms. Seeing that [Tan Renchang] was asleep, you stole from his clothes. Take out the "Silver Key", go to the "small balcony" and step on the single couch, put the hanging fishing line in the middle of the lower bend of the chandelier, and align it with the couch.
You rushed back to your room and waited for your cousin to finish bathing before going in to wash... When "Mrs. Tan" asked you to get candles and other items, you opened the secret room and took a handful when you passed the "collection room" Pick up a sharp cone, go to "Guest Room Three" and stab Woman to death. When you return, you hide the "fire gun" and a string of candles you made before in your robe, take the candles and matches from the "Utility Room", and return to "Guest Room One" ······When you killed the bird with a sharp awl, you deliberately disembowel it to avoid the shape of the wound being seen. Then you deliberately let the bird's blood stick to your sleeve to cover up the blood that was accidentally stained when you killed it.
After the "game" is over, "Mrs. Tan" and her cousin go out first. You immediately stick a string of candles on the embers of seven candles on the ground, light one end with a match, and put the other end on the "fire gun" (used to ignite the black powder inside), tie the fishing line to the handle of the awl, insert the muzzle of the "firegun", and place it on the windowsill - the seven candles will burn out one after another, about 7 hours later He can shoot, shoot out a pointed cone tied with a fishing line, spin it with the chandelier as the center of the circle, stab and kill [Tan Renchang] who was sitting cross-legged on the couch at that time, and then fall off.
After you have done all this, close the door and come out. When you quickly pass through the "utility room" and the secret room, close the door, come out of the "study", follow "Mrs. Tan" and the cousin who came around and go downstairs, and then hurry up. After returning to the room, he threw the "silver key" out of the window while his aunt was going to the bathroom...

next story
Because we couldn't find a long ladder at the moment, we couldn't put [Lv Mingran]'s body down, so you could only watch him continue to hang in the air.
"Mrs. Tan" turned around and asked, have you seen [Cai Qian] and "Liao Gongzi"? You thought for a moment and only remembered that you saw "Liao Gongzi" going upstairs from the west stairs, so you told "Mrs. Tan", and she immediately went upstairs from the west stairs - at this time there was only [ Shang Zhi] and [Cheng Ge].
You then heard someone screaming on the second floor, like a woman’s voice. You were afraid that something was wrong with “Mrs. "Mrs. Tan" went downstairs, and then you saw the door of the "main house" on the east side of the corridor was open, and the cousin climbed out of it.
"Mrs. Tan" and you hurried over to help the cousin up. [Cheng Ge] also walked up the east stairs to the second floor at this time - the cousin grabbed "Mrs. Tan" in horror and pointed at the "main room" trembling , speechless.
Almost at the same time, a man's shout came from the west side of the corridor on the second floor. You turned around and saw [Shang Zhi] running out of "Shang Zhi's Room" and almost bumped into "Liao Gongzi" standing at the top of the stairs.
"Liao Gongzi" moved the briefcase in his hand behind him and dodged [Shang Zhi] - [Shang Zhi] leaned weakly against the fence on the second floor and said in a trembling voice: "He (she)... .He (she) is dead!”
"Mrs. Tan" and you helped your cousin walk over, [Cheng Ge] followed you, and together they came to the door of "Shang Zhifang"... At this time, your cousin suddenly spoke and said that she just saw it 【Tan Renchang】’s corpse!
next story
At noon, the lawyer appointed by [Tan Renchang] came to the "Tan Mansion". After learning that a murder had occurred here, he was shocked and hurriedly reported the matter of the day before yesterday (September 26), [Tan Renchang] sent [Lv Mingran] to find him. Speaking out - it turns out that the lawyer came here today not to help "Mrs. Tan" handle the transfer of the terminal, but to make a "new will" for [Tan Renchang] and change the "beneficiary" of an "insurance".
According to the lawyer, [Tan Renchang] not long ago, when "Mrs. Tan" returned to her natal home, she went to him to make a "will" because she felt unwell and had memory loss. After his death, his nephew [Tan Shang Zhi] inherited properties such as "Jicai" and "Tan Mansion", and there was also a "secret trust" involving part of the property and another heir designated by [Tan Renchang], but the lawyer only You can go to the other party privately, and your name cannot be made public.
In addition, the lawyer could only reveal that when [Lv Mingran] came to him, he asked him if he could make an advance before the heirs received the inheritance? It seems like someone is in a hurry for money.
The lawyer then said that if [Tan Renchang] committed suicide, the "beneficiary" of the insurance policy he purchased would not receive the insurance benefits.
Just after the lawyer finished talking about these things, a valet remembered that he was awakened by the sound of delivering hot water to the second floor early this morning. He walked out of the "valet room" and went to the "lobby" on the first floor to look up. Soon after, he looked up. When the three "men in black robes" walked up to the third floor, another figure followed them up to the third floor. Later, the figure went downstairs from the third floor and went to the west side. The male servant also went back to his room to sleep.
"Mrs. Tan's" personal maid "A Ping" ran over in a hurry and said she saw a dead person in "Guest Room Three" on the third floor... Everyone immediately ran upstairs and opened "Guest Room Three" "Behind the door, I saw a Woman lying on the ground, the blood flowing from her head had solidified...
You see that this person is the Woman who came to [Tan Renchang] yesterday - she once asked you not to tell "Mrs. Tan" about her coming here.
