
story background
September 28, 1914 (the third year of the Republic of China)
On the outskirts of Shanghai, there is a "Tan Mansion" built on a cliff, backed by the sea, with a path leading to the beach to the west and a main road to the south.
"Tan Mansion" has three floors. Each floor is more than two meters high indoors. After being powered on, Western chandeliers are hung. The second and third floors have built-in balconies (with fences more than one meter high) facing the west and the sea. There are five rooms with bathrooms (baths). The lobby on the first floor connects to the second floor (there is also a balcony in the middle of the second floor). Meter-high fence, you can overlook the hall from the second-floor corridor.

your story
Your full name is [Liao Xuehan], born in the 22nd year of the reign of Emperor Guangxu of the Qing Dynasty (1896). Your father (Liao Yiqiao) went to do business outside the customs in his early years. The family spent less time together and separated more - when you were a child, you lived with your mother and sister, and you would spend time with your mother and sister every year. The total time we saw my father was less than two months, and he was always busy with things to do.
When you were 12 years old (1907), the adults said they would take you to play, but actually tricked you into boarding a ship and sailing across the ocean... You were trapped in the cabin, and no matter how much you cried, it was all in vain, until you reached Japan. , then tremblingly, he got off the boat and got on the carriage, going to live in a strange place, as if he was being held hostage.
The person who taught you Japanese was dishonest. After you found out that he was lying, you started to be wary of everything - in order to live safely in a foreign country, you learned to use others - including the adults who taught you the language and took care of you...
The following year (1908), New Year, you looked at the snow falling in the sky, and suddenly thought of your once warm home, shed tears, and quickly wiped them away.
When you enter the house and see the person taking care of you, you can't help but throw out all the gifts he brought and shout to go home! But only with your father's permission will the people here send you back - you call them liars and hate adults, especially your father!
At night, you vow to take revenge on everyone who has deceived you!
A year later (1909), you will be sent to Tokyo to go to school, and you will once again be forced to leave the people and things you have just become familiar with. When saying goodbye, you try to drink. The Japanese sake in the glass is sour and spicy. You drink it all and choke. You coughed, turned red, and clenched the wine glass tightly... The way you felt about your father was just like the drink just now. Everything was "that guy's" fault!
In the first year of the Republic of China (1912), after completing your studies, you were finally able to leave this "ghost place", but at this time, you had lost your childhood attachment to your family and were full of resentment towards your father who cruelly left you to live in a foreign country. In Japan, you also heard that your father's business has grown bigger and bigger in recent years. The "Liao's Trading Company" he runs extends beyond Shanxi and involves many foreign affairs and factories...
After the New Year, the Japanese will send you back to China by boat and land in Shanghai. They hope that you will serve as a "bridge" to help them and your father achieve their "common goal"... You know clearly that the Japanese want you and your father to They do things, but you will never be willing to be pushed around again!
You started planning on the way back to Shanxi, and took the initiative to write to your father for the first time - your father did not show any surprise at your return. Before you got home, he arranged errands for you in the letter.
You are not surprised by this, and you even think it is more beneficial to your plan. According to your father's request, you visited "Liao's Trading Company" business enterprises in various places along the way. When you got home, you relayed what you saw to your father, and then said that you wanted to Expanding your business requires a large amount of capital... You don't know if your father has seen through your mind - if you want to establish a force that obeys your orders, the fastest way is to use and split the "Liao family".
You ignored your sister's constant questions, stayed in Taiyuan for a few days, and were in a hurry to go out - it was not yet spring, and the weather was cold. You fell ill when passing through "Zezhou Prefecture", and you were treated by a "Dr." Zhang"'s private clinic, during which "Dr. Zhang's" wife "Julie" took care of you until your fever subsided... When you were confused with a high fever, you saw "Julie" by your bedside, I keep changing wet towels for you to cool down, and I don’t dare to slack off after nightfall, just like my mother.
When you open your eyes and see "Julie's" tired smile, you feel it's beautiful - when "Julie" comes close to touch your forehead, your heart beats faster and you realize that you actually have wonderful thoughts about the married woman in front of you... ···After your sister learned that you were ill, she came to visit you, but you still ignored her questions. You were so angry that your sister stopped caring about you and turned around to go home.
After you recover from your illness and prepare to go to Shanghai, you ask "Julie" if there is anything you want that you can give to her. "Julie" thought for a while and said that she had temporarily helped out in an orphanage in Pudong, Shanghai - the conditions there were very poor and the children had a hard time, and she hoped someone could help them... "Julie" still remembered A girl named [Hai You] had just lost her mother at that time. After being sent to the orphanage, she had nightmares every day. It was so pitiful.
In late spring, you showed up at an orphanage in Pudong and offered money to support it, on the condition that the orphanage be renamed "Julie" (Julie). Later, you paid for the director to expand and hire more workers.
From then on, you often traveled to Hu, Su and other places to find suitable manpower. At the same time, you used your father's name to prepare your own business, and you even did not hesitate to contact the Japanese. You know that there is no real "Japanese Concession" in Shanghai - the so-called "Japanese Concession". The "concessions" were "enclosed" by the Japanese through opening factories, leasing land, etc. Cargo ships will be strictly inspected by the owners of the terminals, so there is a great need for inspection-free terminals.
In order to win over the Japanese, you promised to help them get a dock that could be signed and exempted from inspection. Then you turned your attention to "Yuanheng Luo" (commercial house) which owned docks and land in Shanghai but was not doing well.
Through the intermediary of the "Liao Group", you contacted the owner of "Yuanheng Luo" [Luo Hengli] in Ningbo and provided him with a two-year loan for emergency relief. The collateral included the docks and land in Shanghai.
Last year (1913), you found out that the manager of "Yuanheng Luo" in Shanghai [Lv Mingran] was frivolous and relied on [Luo Hengli]'s sister's favor to get such an important job.
Naturally, you used [Lv Mingran] as a breakthrough, used tricks to gain his trust, signed a series of business contracts with him, and then arranged for the Japanese to come forward to seize the merchant ship of "Yuanheng Luo" heading to the ocean, causing delays. --"Yuanheng Luo" violated the contract and will face compensation later.
This year (1914), in August, the loan from "Liao Group" to "Yuanheng Luo" expired. [Luo Hengli] was going to Shanghai to attend an "academic report" and asked you to meet in Shanghai - guess what? He wants to take the opportunity to find sponsorship, but the plight of "Yuanheng Luo" is no longer a secret at this time, and no one will help him unconditionally!
Things turned out as you expected. [Luo Hengli] couldn't come up with the money, so he had no choice but to sell off all the businesses of "Yuanheng Luo" in Wuhan, repay the loan, and redeem the mortgaged docks and land.
The contract you signed with [Lv Mingran] was just for this moment - after you recover the loan and interest, "Yuanheng Luo" will be sentenced to pay a large amount of liquidated damages due to breach of contract in those previous contracts, and you still [ Luo Hengli]'s creditor.
What you didn't expect was that [Luo Hengli] could still remain calm when faced with the debt that needed to be paid off at the Shanghai pier, saying that he would have a solution in a few days. It seemed that he had a "trick" that you didn't know about--[ Luo Hengli]'s brother-in-law is [Tan Renchang], the owner of "Jicai Medicine Store". You have previously learned from [Lv Mingran] that he is not getting along with his wife, so you are sure that [Tan Renchang] will not help the "Luo Family" pay off their debts. ······
You were worried, so you agreed to [Luo Hengli] for the time being, and then you found a "Manager Guo" from the "Mining Company" and asked him to go to Ningbo to find out whether the "Luo Family" had sufficient funds!
In September, you sent someone to send an "urgent letter" to collect debts to the manager of "Yuanheng Luo" in Shanghai to put pressure on [Luo Hengli].
On September 15th, you stayed in Shanghai waiting for news. In the morning, you went to the "Julie Orphanage" and met [Lv Mingran] at the door who came to pick you up - [Lv Mingran] had borrowed money from you before and was sent by you. Someone is calling for a debt, but he hasn't paid it yet. When he sees you, he looks panicked and salutes. He first explains that he was fired by "Yuanheng Luo" last year and now works at "Jicai Medicine" and is saving money, and then asks for help. You give him a little more grace...
At this time, a young man came out of the orphanage carrying an old cloth bundle. [Lv Mingran] nodded and bowed to you again, complimented you, and then took the young man away in a carriage.
On September 20th, "Manager Guo" met with you and told you that [Luo Hengli] has passed away, and the person who now inherits "Yuanheng Luo" is his sister [Luo Mingsha] - "Manager Guo" has already met in Ningbo After passing [Luo Mingsha], I felt that this person was a bit weird... You asked about the financial situation of the "Luo Family" and heard that it had not improved at all, so you felt relieved and decided to proceed as planned.
The day before yesterday (September 26), you visited "Tan Mansion" on behalf of "Liao's Trading Company" and were invited into the "reception room" by [Tan Renchang] - you got straight to the point, took out the contract and official documents, and invited the "Yuanheng Luo" who inherited "Mrs. Tan" (Luo Mingsha) repays debts - Although [Luo Hengli] has paid off the previous loan, "Yuanheng Luo" still owes a large amount of compensation due to breach of contract.
[Luo Hengli] did not do anything extraordinary before his death. As you might expect, [Tan Renchang], who had already received the news, was unwilling to give money to the "Luo family" to pay off the debts, and only agreed to help his wife hire a lawyer.
"Mrs. Tan" could not afford the compensation, so she proposed to use "Yuanheng Luo's" to pay off the debt at the Shanghai terminal... You did not agree immediately after hearing this, saying that you would go and investigate first - if it was worth it If you pay compensation, you can agree.
You are not worried about "Mrs. Tan" connecting behind these things, because those breaches of contract are undisputed facts - rather than whether it was intentional, she should be more worried about whether the value of the dock can cover the debt.
After you said goodbye and walked out of the "reception room", you saw a "woman without jewelry" outside the door, but she didn't dress like a servant.
When you left "Tan Mansion", you met [Lv Mingran] again - [Lv Mingran] vowed to pay you back the money soon... You have no interest in [Lv Mingran] anymore and just talk casually Asked who the boy he picked up from the orphanage that day was.
[Lv Mingran] said that the young man was adopted by [Tan Renchang] and renamed him [Cheng Ge] (Tan Cheng Ge). He now lives on the second floor of "Tan Mansion" (Cheng Ge room)... ··After that, [Lv Mingran] looked like he was deliberately trying to please you, and leaned over to remind you in a low voice that you must be careful of "Mrs. Tan" - he heard that that woman was capable of "witchcraft" and could control others to commit suicide!
Today (September 28), just before 9 o'clock, you took a carriage to the "Tan Mansion" with official documents and other things. After getting off the car, you walked into the "foyer". The servants of the "Tan Family" quickly went upstairs. Notification.
Soon after, "Mrs. Tan" pushed the door out of the "lobby" on the first floor - when she opened the door, you saw [Lv Mingran] and a "gentle man" in the "lobby" - [Lv Mingran] Putting your hand on the shoulder of the "gentle man", smiling and talking...
When "Mrs. Tan" came towards you, [Lv Mingran] pulled the "gentle man" upstairs.
After a brief greeting with "Mrs. Tan", you said that you had seen the pier and could use the pier to pay off the debt according to "Mrs. Tan's" suggestion... [Tan Renchang] The lawyer you had appointed has not arrived yet, "Mrs. Tan" will invite you and her to go upstairs to the third floor and enter the "study".
"Mrs. Tan" left you to sit alone in the "study" for a while, and she walked into the "collection room" inside.
What to look for.
At about 10 o'clock, the door of the "study" was always open. You suddenly heard a "bang" sound and thought it was a gunshot. You stood up immediately and carefully walked out of the "study". You saw a figure passing by the east side of "Guest Room 2" door and go to the "balcony gallery".
You don't know what's going on, so you stick to the west wall of the "study" and walk north, trying to see what's going on on the "balcony corridor" through the windows in the corridor.
When you walked through the door of the "library", you suddenly heard a scream, which seemed to come from downstairs. You turned around and saw "Mrs. Tan" and "Sven" who had talked with [Lv Mingran] before. "The man" - "Mrs. Tan" has walked out of the "study", and the "gentle man" walked from the middle of the two "guest rooms".
"Mrs. Tan" walked downstairs quickly, and you and the "gentle man" followed him to the second floor. You first saw a rope hanging from a chandelier - you went to the fence and leaned over to look again, and saw a rope hanging from the rope. The person turned out to be [Lv Mingran] - [Lv Mingran] had a rope around his neck and was hanging in the hall on the first floor. His feet were off the ground and he was already motionless!
A Woman (Mrs. Wei) is slumped next to the fence on the east side of the corridor. The "woman without jewelry" you have seen before is supporting her - the boy (Cheng Ge) you saw at the entrance of the orphanage comes from behind you. Walked out of "Cheng Ge Room"...
You calmed down first and said to put down the hanging person (Lv Mingran) quickly - only then did the others react, go downstairs from both sides, and gather on the first floor...

Act 2:
your secret
In your plan, using [Lv Mingran] to sign a contract is an indispensable step, and the money he owes you is also your intention.
The year before last (1912), after you donated money to the orphanage, a girl chased you out and stopped you. She called herself [Hong Er]. Her mother used to work in the orphanage. Now she was sick and needed money urgently. She helped her mother. I came to work in the orphanage and wanted to earn money for treatment... [Hong Er] I just saw you sponsoring the orphanage. I thought you must be a rich "good Samaritan", so I chased you for help.
You are not sponsoring the orphanage out of kindness, and you don't like giving free charity. Just as you were about to bypass [Hong Er] and leave, you heard her say that she was not begging, but borrowing treatment fees from you - and she would definitely pay it back to you later!
You stopped and looked at the girl in front of you. Although she was younger than you, her eyes were eager and determined - you felt that lending her money would be a good deal.
After you made your decision, you sent your men to follow [Hong Er] home and sent her mother to a Western hospital in Zhabei for hospitalization. All the expenses were paid in advance.
My subordinates brought back the receipt from the hospital and [Hong Er] to see you. After you read it, you said that the money was not something that [Hong Er] could afford with his little income as a servant in the orphanage - you want [Hong Er]  Leave the orphanage, come over and work for you, and use the wages to offset the debt - she must obey unconditionally before paying off.
【Hong Er】Without hesitation, he pressed his fingerprint on the written "IOU".
At this time, you began to deliberately cultivate [Hong Er], rented a high-end apartment for her, sent people to take her to learn etiquette, and bought her clothes until she looked like a wealthy lady.
Last year (1913), at the beginning of the year, you used [Hong Er] to easily attract [Lv Mingran] - the unmarried [Lv Mingran] quickly spent all his savings in pursuit of [Hong Er].
You had already made a loan to [Luo Hengli] at that time, and when you went to the dock of "Yuanheng Luo", you were treated as a distinguished guest by [Lv Mingran] - you knew that he was tight on money, so you deliberately showed goodwill and gave him interest-free more than once Money - [Lv Mingran] First he was grateful, and then he borrowed more and more until there was no hope of repaying him... You then induced him to sign a series of contracts with huge liquidated damages for "Yuanheng Luo" as a manager. .
You naturally know that [Hong Er] doesn’t like [Lv Mingran]. After she completes her mission, you allow her to stay away from [Lv Mingran], and then give her a vacation and temporarily remove her mission - in order to avoid [Lv Mingran] To harass [Hong Er], you rented another high-end residence for her, and sent people to urge [Lv Mingran] to pay back the money. Indispensable threats and intimidation made [Lv Mingran] hide in fear, and did not dare to show up to find [Hong Er].That's why [Lv Mingran] was so flustered when he met you at the entrance of the orphanage.
The day before yesterday (September 26), you went to "Tan Mansion". When you heard [Luo Mingsha] proposed to use the dock to pay off the debt, you knew that the plan to seize the "Yuanheng Luo Shi" dock was about to succeed. You couldn't help but feel happy, so you were in a good mood, so you Take a bus to the residence of the "hero" [Hong Er], planning to reward him in person.
【Hong Er】's perfect obedience made you like her better. Unexpectedly, as soon as you walked in, 【Hong Er】 said that she would never do anything for you again - she would pay back all the money you lent her and never do it again. owe you!
You look calm on the surface, but the joy in your heart has disappeared - [Hong Er] continues to say that her mother has recovered, and she thanks you, but she doesn't want to do that kind of thing for you anymore - except for the money for her mother's hospitalization , she has recorded all the rent and living expenses you provided in the past two years, and at the end of the month, she will pay you back together with the things you bought for her...
You were quite surprised and asked her how she could take care of her mother? 【Hong Er】But she said it has nothing to do with you. After she pays back the money, she will move away with her mother...【Hong Er】Just like you were as determined as when you first met her, but you feel humiliated--[Hong Er] Your attitude towards you made you angry, and you were unwilling to watch her leave, so you scolded her in a low voice: "Interest is not that easy to calculate!"
"Have I not done enough for you?" [Hong Er]'s voice trembled.
"Of course it's not enough!" After you finished speaking, you softened your words, "You stay here for now, and I will come find you again."
After you walked out of [Hong Er]'s residence, you suddenly realized that the tone of your voice just now was exactly the same as that of your father...
Yesterday (September 27), you decided to set [Hong Er] free after consideration. The things [Hong Er] did for you actually exceeded her debt. Giving her freedom is also a reward for her.
Today (September 28), before you took the bus to the "Tan Mansion", you took [Hong Er]'s "IOU" and went to see her first, intending to tear it up in person and not take any profits.
Unexpectedly, 【Hong Er】's residence was already empty - you found the landlord and found out that 【Hong Er】 had not come back after leaving yesterday... At that moment, you only felt [Hong Er]s betrayal, I was so humiliated and angry that I didn't hear what the landlord said...
You return to the carriage and force yourself to calm down - you still have a plan to go to "Tan Mansion" to complete, and you must temporarily put aside the emotions that have nothing to do with it...
next story
Because we couldn't find a long ladder at the moment, we couldn't put [Lv Mingran]'s body down, so you could only watch him continue to hang in the air.
At this moment, you remember that you just left the briefcase containing documents and IOUs in the "study" on the third floor, so you quietly walk out of the "lobby", go up the west stairs to the third floor, and find the briefcase in the "study".
You opened your briefcase and checked. Everything was there, and then you heard a rush of footsteps going upstairs. Out of caution, you took your briefcase and hid in the "collection room". Then you heard faint screams, and then heard I heard footsteps going downstairs...
You also walked out of the "study" and went downstairs - as soon as you reached the second floor, you heard a man's shout. You subconsciously moved your briefcase behind you, dodged the rushing [Shang Zhi], and saw him leaning weakly on the second floor. Next to the fence on the first floor, a trembling voice said: "He (she)...he (she) is dead!"
"Mrs. Tan" and [Hai You] supported "Mrs. Wei" from the east side of the corridor, and [Cheng Ge] followed them to the door of "Shang Zhifang"... You haven't had time yet When asked what happened, "Mrs. Wei" said that she had just seen [Tan Renchang]'s body!


Act 3:

next story
At noon, the lawyer appointed by [Tan Renchang] came to the "Tan Mansion". After learning that a murder had occurred here, he was shocked and hurriedly reported the matter of the day before yesterday (September 26), [Tan Renchang] sent [Lv Mingran] to find him. Speaking out - it turns out that the lawyer came here today not to help "Mrs. Tan" handle the transfer of the terminal, but to make a "new will" for [Tan Renchang] and change the "beneficiary" of an "insurance".
According to the lawyer, [Tan Renchang] not long ago, when "Mrs. Tan" returned to her natal home, she went to him to make a "will" because she felt unwell and had memory loss. After his death, his nephew [Tan Shang Zhi] inherited properties such as "Jicai" and "Tan Mansion", and there was also a "secret trust" involving part of the property and another heir designated by [Tan Renchang], but the lawyer only You can go to the other party privately, and your name cannot be made public.
In addition, the lawyer could only reveal that when [Lv Mingran] came to him, he asked him if he could make an advance before the heirs received the inheritance? It seems like someone is in a hurry for money.
The lawyer then said that if [Tan Renchang] committed suicide, the "beneficiary" of the insurance policy he purchased would not receive the insurance benefits.
Just after the lawyer finished talking about these things, a valet remembered that he was awakened by the sound of delivering hot water to the second floor early this morning. He walked out of the "valet room" and went to the "lobby" on the first floor to look up. Soon after, he looked up. When the three "black-robed men" walked up to the third floor, another figure followed them up to the third floor. Later, the figure went downstairs from the third floor first and went to the west side. The male servant also went back to his room to sleep.
"Mrs. Tan's" personal maid "A Ping" ran over in a hurry and said she saw a dead person in "Guest Room Three" on the third floor... Everyone immediately ran upstairs and opened "Guest Room Three" "Behind the door, I saw a Woman lying on the ground, the blood flowing from her head had solidified...
