
story background
September 28, 1914 (the third year of the Republic of China)
On the outskirts of Shanghai, there is a "Tan Mansion" built on a cliff, backed by the sea, with a path leading to the beach to the west and a main road to the south.
"Tan Mansion" has three floors. Each floor is more than two meters high indoors. After being powered on, Western chandeliers are hung. The second and third floors have built-in balconies (with fences more than one meter high) facing the west and the sea. There are five rooms with bathrooms (baths). The lobby on the first floor connects to the second floor (there is also a balcony in the middle of the second floor). Meter-high fence, you can overlook the hall from the second-floor corridor.

your story
Your full name is [Luo Mingsha], and your English name is "Rosa". You were born in the third year of the reign of Emperor Guangxu of the Qing Dynasty (1877). You are a native of Ningbo. Your ancestor has been running the "Yuanheng Luoshi" (commercial firm) for three generations. The business has extended from Shanghai to Wuhan. .
When you were a child, you once saw a strange "manuscript" with illustrations - your brother [Luo Hengli] had learned Western, so you asked him to translate it. Unexpectedly, the records above were related to "witches"... ·Although you were scared after hearing this, you couldn't help but take the "manuscript" and were attracted by its contents.
When you were 13 years old (1889), your parents died one after another, and your brother inherited the "Yuanheng Luo family" - you had been studying the "manuscripts" at that time, and you asked someone to translate the parts you couldn't understand, and memorized many of them. Based on the contents and patterns in it, I tried to make the above things as accessories, and gave one of the heptagonal "copper pendants" to my maid [Xinya] to wear.
When you were 19 years old (1895), your brother married you to the young master [Tan Renchang] of the "Jicai Medicine Store" in Shanghai according to the marriage contract made by your parents during their lifetime, and you became "Mrs. Tan" - you married to "Tan Renchang" "Mansion", you only had [Xinya], who was 2 years younger than you, with you, and you were very lonely until you met your former playmate [Cai Qian].
Your husband is 1 year younger than you and is keen on horse racing and socializing, but you don’t like socializing with strangers, and you can’t stand the smell of alcohol when your husband comes home drunk. When you feel annoyed, you take [Xinya] to hide next door to the “main house” Sleeping in the house, regardless of whether the husband comes back at night - at that time, the husband's parents (your parents-in-law) lived on the third floor (today's "guest room one"), and the house next door to the "main house" was still empty.
[Cai Qian], whose surname is "Lu", is the same age as [Xinya]. After her father became the manager of "Yuanheng Luo" in Shanghai, he left Ningbo with his family. You were very sad at the time, but you didn't expect to see him again after the wedding. [Cai Qian], who visited with her father, was overjoyed and invited her to visit "Tan Mansion" again and again.
A year later (1896), your mother-in-law hoped that you would give birth to an heir for the "Tan family", but you were not pregnant, and you could not help but be criticized by your mother-in-law - you were not used to living far away from your hometown, and you were feeling miserable at this time. , one night, I recalled that there was a secret method used by overseas people to pray in the "manuscript". It required at least three women to perform it together. Sacrificing an animal was definitely not an act of a "witch" to harm people... ···
If you want to give it a try, call [Cai Qian] and [Xinya], and just ask them to play a Western game with you - "Tan Family" is in the pharmaceutical business, and there are "Pharmaceutical Room" and "Utility Room" on the third floor. There are items needed for the secret technique. The only thing that needs to be prepared in advance is the animal as the "price" for making a wish. You tell [Xinya] to find it.
That night, you stayed with [Cai Qian], and in the early morning of the next day, you took her and [Xinya] to the room next to the "main house" to take a bath and put on your customized black robe - you used it according to your memory. Cinnabar drew a "seven-cornered array" on the ground, wrote "MANA" representing the mysterious power, and lit the seven candles placed on the seven corners of the array - if you dare not kill a living creature, just let [Xinya] kill it He killed the little bird she brought, placed the body in the middle of the "seven-cornered array", took their hands, and recited the incantation he translated in a low voice: "Honorable "Mana", there is Of the soul and the four elements and of light and darkness...Please accept the sacrifice and fulfill your wish for Allah (me)..." You make a wish to your mother-in-law not to be nagging you again until the candle burns out.
The animal carcasses must be placed in the formation for at least three days, and the formation must not be damaged during this period. Unexpectedly, an accident happened a day later - [Cai Qian] had already left "Tan Mansion" at that time, and [Xinya] told you that she did not know you beforehand To kill the bird, bring one in a cage from the third floor balcony corridor...
You thought that it was a bird raised by your husband, and you were afraid that he would be in trouble if he found out, so you quickly took out the money and asked [Xinya] to buy a similar one... You thought you could hide it from others, but you didn't expect that your parents-in-law had already found out. After knowing what you did, people threw away those things - you warned according to the content in the "manuscript" that doing so would bring a curse, but they didn't listen at all... After the house was cleaned , you sigh helplessly on the "big balcony" on the second floor, and suddenly see [Xinya] like crazy, grabbing a dead bird and running to the protruding cliff to the north of "Tan Mansion", no matter how you call her, She turned a deaf ear and committed suicide by jumping into the sea...
My mother-in-law also witnessed this scene on the "balcony corridor" on the third floor. She fell ill after being frightened and died soon after. She will indeed not be nagging you anymore - your father-in-law blamed you for everything. You are very Feeling wronged, I separated from my husband and temporarily lived in "Guest Room 2" on the third floor. Fortunately, your brother quickly settled the matter and didn't let you suffer... My father-in-law took a deep breath and became bedridden. Go upstairs and take you back to the "main house" to live in.
The following year (1897), you helped [Cai Qian] introduce a young master of the "Wei Family" (Wei Yangyao) who had business dealings with the "Yuanheng Luo Family" as her husband, and watched her get married, becoming " Mrs. Wei”.
Every time the "Wei family couple" came to visit "Tan Mansion", you were reluctant to leave [Cai Qian], leaving the two of them to live in "Guest Room 2" on the third floor, pulling [Cai Qian] to talk until it got late, and you couldn't bear to leave. Shirdi watched her go upstairs - if her husband leaves first, you can go upstairs and spend the night with [Cai Qian], just like you did when you were a child.
A few years later (1901), the "Wei family couple" brought their niece [Hai You] to the "Tan Mansion" as a guest. They said that the girl's parents had passed away and she was left alone at a young age... ·You saw that [Hai You] was pitiful, so you hugged her. At this time, [Hai You] started to cry, saying that you reminded her of her mother... As soon as your nose became sour, you recognized [Hai You]. As a foster daughter, let her stay in the "Tan Mansion" and live next door to the "Housekeeper's Room" (Hai Youfang).
[Hai You] is very sensible, and will come to the "main house" to greet you every morning and help you dress up - you like [Hai You] very much and teach her how to read and write in person, but you are worried that [Hai You] will be as unhappy as you were when you first arrived here. To adapt to the new environment, I would go to her room to sleep with her at night, and hold her when [Hai You] had nightmares.
Three years later (1904), the husband's father died. He completely lost his restraints and became more and more unscrupulous. He indulged in sensuality and became a frequent visitor to nightclubs. You blamed your husband for this, but he said it was for business entertainment and he wanted to find helpers in the nightclub. The person he works for... You feel somewhat guilty for your parents-in-law's illness. In addition, you have never been pregnant. Your husband has not taken concubines for children like other wealthy people, so you turn a blind eye to this. , close one eye, and pass the boredom by going shopping... Later, the husband brought his nephew [Shang Zhi] (Tan Shang Zhi) to the "Tan Mansion" and lived in the second floor (Shang Zhi's house) to provide for He continued to read.
A few years later (1908), [Shang Zhi] completed his studies and became a teacher, still living in "Tan Mansion".
A year later (1909), [Cai Qian]'s father passed away. She begged you to write to your brother, asking her brother [Lv Mingran] to inherit his father's business and continue to be the manager of "Yuanheng Luo" in Shanghai.
You wrote a letter first, and then mentioned the matter to your brother when you returned to Ningbo to visit him... After your brother sent someone to take you back to Shanghai, he appointed [Lv Mingran], who was only in his early twenties at the time, as the manager. , managing the business here in Shanghai.
Last year (1913), at the end of September, your brother dismissed [Lv Mingran] and replaced him with a new manager - [Cai Qian] came to "Tan Mansion" for help because of her brother's unemployment. After her husband heard about it, he 【Lv Mingran】Arrange to work in "Jicai" and always take him with you when you go out.
This year (1914), on September 5th, when you were chatting with [Cai Qian], you heard a terrible thing: It turns out that your brother once borrowed money from a business group, and the collateral was the dock of "Yuanheng Luo" in Shanghai. and land, I heard that the repayment deadline is coming...
You didn't know the authenticity, and you were restless all day, and finally decided to go back to Ningbo and ask your brother directly.
A few days later, you and your maid (A Ping) took a boat from Shanghai back to your hometown in Ningbo. Unexpectedly, your brother passed away... When you stayed in Ningbo to deal with your brother's funeral, you received a group of people. "Manager Guo" from the "Mining Company" came from the capital. He claimed to be your brother's friend in the mall. He heard about the current difficulties of the "Luo family" and hoped to provide help that would be beneficial to both parties. ·····After your brother was buried, you became the heir to the "Luo Family". Because you didn't understand business matters, you rushed back to Shanghai to seek advice from [Lv Mingran].
On September 25th, you returned to "Tan Mansion". [Hai You] accompanied you to the "collection room" on the third floor to put down the relics you brought back from Ningbo. During the time you were away, your husband recognized You gave birth to an adopted son - not long after you went downstairs to your room, your husband brought his adopted son [Cheng Ge] (Tan Cheng Ge) over to kowtow to you - you were more worried about the "Luo family" than the young man who suddenly appeared... ·····You soon learned from [Lv Mingran] that before your brother passed away, in order to raise money to repay the loan, he hurriedly sold all the businesses of "Yuanheng Luo" in Wuhan - "Yuanheng Luo" had existed in name only. , there is only one wharf left in Shanghai...
On September 26, "Liao Gongzi" from "Liao's Trading Company" came to "Tan Mansion". After being invited into the "reception room" by her husband, he took out the official claim document and asked you to collect the debt - it turns out that although your brother paid off Although it was a previous loan, "Yuanheng Luo" still owes a large amount of compensation for breach of contract.
Your husband is unwilling to give money to the "Luo Family" to repay the debt, and only agrees to hire a lawyer for you. You have to offer to use "Yuanheng Luo's" to pay the debt at the only remaining dock in Shanghai..."Liao Gongzi" After hearing this, he said You need to do some research first - if it's worth the compensation, you can agree.
After "Liao Gongzi" left, you didn't know if this was a trap set by "Liao" to get the dock, but the breach of contract was a fact, and the compensation must be fulfilled - you have been pampered since you were a child, and have never been so anxious. You only worry about the dock. The value is not worth the compensation, and I don’t even have the heart to eat the dinner brought by [Hai You]...
Yesterday (September 27th), you asked [Lv Mingran] to come over for discussion, but he couldn’t estimate the value of the dock... [Cai Qian] came with her brother and stayed with her afterwards. you. You are afraid that the matter of using the dock to pay off debts will go wrong, and you feel unsure. You are in urgent need of "reassurance", and you once again think of the secret method that once helped you get rid of your mother-in-law!
You repeat your old plan and ask [Cai Qian] [Hai You] to play a Western game with you - the previous venue has become "Hai You Room", so you choose the larger "Guest Room 1" on the third floor and send [ Hai You] went and asked the maid to move all the furniture out of "Guest Room 1" and find an animal to put in it.
【Lv Mingran】went out for drinks with her husband in the afternoon. She hadn’t come back yet after dark. The maid said that there were people in “Guest Room 2” and “Guest Room 3” on the third floor. You didn’t have the mind to care about other things at this time. Just leave [Cai Qian] here. "Hai You room" spent the night... The husband was sent back to the "main room" by [Lv Mingran] very late, took off his clothes and fell asleep.
Today (September 28), in the early morning, you go to the next door to wake up [Cai Qian] and [Hai You], and instruct "A Ping" to find someone to send hot water to your respective rooms - the three of you take a shower one after another, and then Put on the black robe you prepared and go upstairs together - you walk in front, bypassing the bed, furniture and other items moved out from the corridor on the west side of "Guest Room 1", and take [Cai Qian] [Hai You] into the already empty corridor. I visited "Guest Room 1" and saw a bird in a birdcage in the room. I thought it was taken from the "balcony corridor" on the third floor.
When it was almost 2 o'clock in the morning, you asked [Hai You] to go to the "utility room" to find a match and seven candles. You went to the "pharmacy room" to find cinnabar, took back "guest room one", and drew on the ground. "Seven-cornered array"... When [Hai You] gets the things back, you put the candles in the corresponding positions as usual and light them with a few matches - you still don't dare to kill living things, so just 【Hai You】Kill the bird and place the body in the middle of the "seven-cornered array".
You then hold their hands and chant in a low voice as before, wishing that the dock can pay off its debt smoothly...
At about 3 o'clock in the morning, when the candles burned out, you and [Cai Qian] [Hai You] left "Guest Room 1", walked around the furniture in the corridor, took them downstairs, and returned to the second floor - [Cai Qian] [Hai You] 】We went to the "Hai You Room" together. You returned to the "main room". After entering the house, you went to the bathroom first, took off your jewelry and washed your face. You conveniently put the black robe you took off on the bathtub. After you came out, you went to bed and endured your husband's breath. The smell of alcohol and snoring, close your eyes...
At about 9 o'clock, you woke up when you heard someone knocking on the door. You saw your husband snoring, so you quickly put on your clothes and came out - "A Ping" was outside the door and said "Liao Gongzi" was coming. You go downstairs from the side stairs and see [Lv Mingran] in the "lobby" on the first floor, putting his arm on [Shang Zhi]'s shoulders, smiling and approaching to talk.
You then opened the door of the "lobby" and came out to meet the visiting "Liao Gongzi". After greeting him, you heard that he had seen the pier and could use the pier to pay off the debt as you requested...
Before the lawyer your husband has appointed has arrived, you invite "Liao Gongzi" to go upstairs to the "study" with you - when you go upstairs you see [Lv Mingran] [Shang Zhi] talking on the second floor - you put your brother's The relics, the dock title deed and other items were all stored in the "collection room", so I left "Liao Gongzi" in the "study" and went to look for it myself.
At about 10 o'clock, you found the land deed and the related documents. You heard some faint noises, so you walked out of the "collection room" and saw that the door of the "study" was open, and "Liao Gongzi" was not inside. You put down the title deed and documents, walked out of the "study", and saw "Liao Gongzi" and [Shang Zhi] - "Liao Gongzi" was standing outside the door of the "bookstore" at that time, and [Shang Zhi] came from the west of the third-floor corridor.
You were about to introduce the two of you when you heard [Hai You] screaming downstairs, so you went downstairs to see..."Liao Gongzi" and [Shang Zhi] were following you. When you get to the second floor, you first see a rope hanging from a chandelier - you go to the fence and lean over to look again, you see a person hanging under the rope, it turns out to be [Lv Mingran] - [Lv Mingran]'s neck is trapped by the rope. Live, hanging in the hall on the first floor, feet off the ground, no longer moving!
[Cai Qian] was slumped next to the fence on the east side of the corridor, [Hai You] was supporting her, [Cheng Ge] walked out of the "Cheng Ge room" behind you..."Liao Gongzi" is The calmest among you, he said to put down the person who was hanging up quickly - everyone reacted, went downstairs from both sides, and gathered on the first floor...


your secret
After [Xinya] committed suicide by jumping into the sea, you spent the most difficult time in "Tan Mansion" and lived like a year...Thanks to [Lv Mingran] for coming to you at this time.
You had just separated from your husband at that time, and you were living in "Guest Room 2" on the third floor. You told [Lv Mingran] all your sufferings - [Lv Mingran] looked like you were hesitant to speak...
You asked [Lv Mingran] to tell you the truth, but he hesitated for a long time before saying that he had always had a crush on you, the eldest lady of the "Yuanheng Luo Family", but he could only watch you marry [Tan Renchang]... ·You were stunned by this sudden confession, and was hugged by [Lv Mingran] before you could react... At that time, you needed care very much, so you did not resist the fiery young man in front of you... ·
In your long marriage, [Lv Mingran] seemed to be the only person who loved you... But your passion did not last long, and it ended soon because of your brother's strong intervention - Husband The building took you back to the "main house".
When you and [Lv Mingran] separated, you gave him the "Manna Necklace" you had worn since childhood - it was customized according to the "seven-pointed star" pattern in your imagination when you were studying the "Manuscript" - you were Not sure about the shape, I ordered two different ones. I wanted to have one with [Cai Qian], but [Cai Qian] didn’t dare to ask for it... You could only give one of the copper ones to [Xinya] Wear it, and leave a silver ornament with seven points to wear by yourself, which is what I gave [Lv Mingran] this time.
[Lv Mingran] Since then, I have become your underground lover. Your relationship is like a carrot in the cellar. You want to keep it fresh but cannot see the light... Whenever it is quiet at night, your heart is like crawling with ants.
You watch [Lv Mingran], who is 4 years younger than you, gradually grow up - your brother lets the young [Lv Mingran] take on such an important managerial position because he loves you and cannot withstand your repeated requests.
Last year (1913), after the spring, [Lv Mingran], who was still unmarried, came to you quietly and said that his sister was interested in a brand-name bag, but his brother-in-law wouldn’t buy it. He wanted to buy it for his sister, but he didn’t expect that you would After buying it, he wanted to find another one that was exactly the same, but he heard that there was only one of this style...
This reminds you of when you were shopping with [Cai Qian]. You took a fancy to a women's bag in a famous brand store. When you bought it, you asked the store to engrave your English name on the nameplate of the bag, without knowing it. 【Cai Qian】 also likes it.
[Lv Mingran] Please sell him the bag, but you don’t want his money, so just give it to him - [Lv Mingran] looked happy and said he wanted to give his sister a surprise, please keep it secret for him , you agreed - at that time you still believed in [Lv Mingran] and did not notice his changes.
Before you heard that your brother's business was in trouble, you had never worried about money - the only thing that made you painful was your feelings... One time when you were shopping with [Cai Qian], you were in a " I saw [Lv Mingran] talking and laughing with a woman in a blue dress outside the door of the "Jewelry Store" - the two of them had their backs to you, the woman kept praising "Manager Lu", and [Lv Mingran] was full of love and words. Show more attentiveness in front of you.
Your heart was instantly swallowed up by jealousy. In order to punish your lover, you returned to "Tan Mansion" and wrote a letter asking your brother to remove this "Manager Lu" - [Lv Mingran] After joining "Jicai", he explained to you that he was with others The woman was just acting for fun, and she gritted her teeth and vowed never to deal with that woman again... Only then did you calm down.
This year (1914), at the end of August, [Shang Zhi] came to you with a pair of "sapphire earrings", saying that these were his family heirlooms, but he had no use for them and wanted to sell them at a low price... ·
You have never bought sapphire jewelry, but you see that the earrings are exquisite in style and better than the cheap ones, so you spend 20 silver dollars to buy them. You have seen similar jewelry in jewelry stores, and you know that the price is not lower than 60 silver dollars.
[Shang Zhi] gave you a pair of "ruby earrings" the next day - you just bought a ruby ​​hairpin last month, which matched it perfectly, so you bought it for 20 silver dollars as usual...
At the beginning of September, you spent another 160 silver dollars and bought 8 beautiful pieces of sapphire jewelry from [Shang Zhi] at a cheap price.
On September 6, [Shang Zhi] brought a "jade bracelet" and said that it was the last piece of jewelry left by his family. He wanted to sell it for 30 silver dollars, but you heard [Cai Qian] talked about "Yuanheng Luoshi" and was feeling restless and not in the mood to buy anything...

next story
Because we couldn't find a long ladder at the moment, we couldn't put [Lv Mingran]'s body down, so you could only watch him continue to hang in the air.
The grief in your heart is no less than that of [Cai Qian], but when you look back you don't see her - not only [Cai Qian] is missing, but even "Liao Gongzi" has left the "hall" at some point!
You immediately asked [Hai You] if you saw those two people? [Hai You] thought for a while and said that she saw "Liao Gongzi" going upstairs from the west staircase.
You suddenly remembered that the land deed of the dock was still in the "study" on the third floor. Worried that "Liao Gongzi" had ulterior motives, you hurriedly went upstairs from the west staircase, ran into the "study" on the third floor, and put the land deed left here with the "study" on the third floor. I picked up the file and saw no one else in the "study".
At this time, you heard someone screaming again and immediately walked out of the "study" - you felt that the screaming did not seem to be on the third floor, so you turned around and went downstairs.
You go down the stairs and meet [Hai You] and [Shang Zhi] on the second floor who came up from the first floor. Then you see the door of the "main house" on the east side of the corridor is open, and [Cai Qian] climbs out of it. .
You and [Hai You] hurried over to help [Cai Qian] up. At this time, [Cheng Ge] also walked up the east stairs to the second floor - [Cai Qian] grabbed you in fear and pointed at the "main house", trembling. Speechless.
Almost at the same time, a man's shout came from the west side of the corridor on the second floor. You quickly turned around and saw [Shang Zhi] running out of "Shang Zhi's Room" and almost bumped into "Liao Gongzi" standing at the top of the stairs.
"Liao Gongzi" moved the briefcase in his hand behind him and dodged [Shang Zhi] - [Shang Zhi] leaned weakly against the fence on the second floor and said in a trembling voice: "He (she)... .He (she) is dead!”
You and [Hai You] walked over holding [Cai Qian], [Cheng Ge] followed you, and together we came to the door of "Shang Zhifang"... At this time, [Cai Qian] suddenly spoke and said she I just saw the body of [Tan Renchang]!
next story
At noon, the lawyer appointed by [Tan Renchang] came to the "Tan Mansion". After learning that a murder had occurred here, he was shocked and hurriedly reported the matter of the day before yesterday (September 26), [Tan Renchang] sent [Lv Mingran] to find him. Speaking out - it turns out that the lawyer is not here today to help you handle the transfer of the terminal, but to make a "new will" for [Tan Renchang] and change the "beneficiary" of an "insurance".
According to the lawyer, [Tan Renchang] not long ago, that is, when you returned to your parents' home, you went to him to make a "will" because you felt unwell and had memory loss. In addition to inheriting properties such as "Jicai" and "Tan Mansion", the nephew [Tan Shang Zhi] also has a "secret trust" involving part of the property and another heir designated by [Tan Renchang], but the lawyer can only find it privately The other party, and the other party’s name cannot be disclosed.
In addition, the lawyer could only reveal that when [Lv Mingran] came to him, he asked him if he could make an advance before the heirs received the inheritance? It seems like someone is in a hurry for money.
The lawyer then said that if [Tan Renchang] committed suicide, the "beneficiary" of the insurance policy he purchased would not receive the insurance benefits.
Just after the lawyer finished talking about these things, a valet remembered that he was awakened by the sound of delivering hot water to the second floor early this morning. He walked out of the "valet room" and went to the "lobby" on the first floor to look up. Soon after, he looked up. When the three "men in black robes" walked up to the third floor, another figure followed them up to the third floor. Later, the figure went downstairs from the third floor and went to the west side. The male servant also went back to his room to sleep.
Your personal maid "A Ping" ran over in a hurry and said she saw a dead person in "Guest Room Three" on the third floor... Everyone immediately ran upstairs and opened the door of "Guest Room Three" , saw a Woman lying on the ground, the blood flowing from her head had solidified...
You think Woman looks familiar, but because you were frightened by the death of people around you one after another, your mind is confused and you can't remember where you saw her...
