
story background
September 28, 1914 (the third year of the Republic of China)
On the outskirts of Shanghai, there is a "Tan Mansion" built on a cliff, backed by the sea, with a path leading to the beach to the west and a main road to the south.
"Tan Mansion" has three floors. Each floor is more than two meters high indoors. After being powered on, Western chandeliers are hung. The second and third floors have built-in balconies (with fences more than one meter high) facing the west and the sea. There are five rooms with bathrooms (baths). The lobby on the first floor connects to the second floor (there is also a balcony in the middle of the second floor). Meter-high fence, you can overlook the hall from the second-floor corridor.

your story
Your full name is [Tan Shang Zhi]. You were born in the 13th year of the reign of Emperor Guangxu of the Qing Dynasty (1887). Your grandfather and his eldest brother founded the "Jicai Medicine Store" in Shanghai. Your father (Tan Renxing) relied on this relationship to become the "Jicai Medicine Store". After his grandfather died, his eldest brother took over "Jicai" because of his seniority. His father was dissatisfied with this, so he sold his shares and went to Pudong to set up his own business, competing with the "Tan Mansion" on the other side for business. Alien and only maintain contact with the business partners of "Jicai", the most important of which is "Yuanheng Luo" (commercial firm) in Ningbo - the heir of "Jicai" [Tan Renchang] (your cousin) and "Jicai" The "Luo Family" had a marriage contract for a long time, and in 1895, they married the sister "Luo Mingsha" of the owner of "Yuanheng Luo" [Luo Hengli] to Shanghai.
The manager in charge of the Shanghai business of "Yuanheng Luoshi" is named "Lv". He has a son and a daughter at home. Among them, the son [Lv Mingran] is 6 years older than you. He has known you since childhood and often takes you to the beach to fish.
When you were 11 years old (1897), [Lv Mingran]'s sister married into the "Wei family" who had business dealings with "Yuanheng Luo" and became "Mrs. Wei". Your family also went to congratulate you - your father took the opportunity to pull His recent relationship with "Yuan Hengli" and his acquaintance with "Luo Hengli" through [Lv Mingran]'s father did not make his family's pharmaceutical business improve...
When you were 18 years old (1904), your father's business failed and he died of illness at home. Your mother could not bear the huge debt left by your father and committed suicide... You were trapped in fear and desperately wanted to forget everything in front of you - your cousin at that time Both of your parents have passed away, and he and your cousin have no children, so they took you to the "Tan Mansion" and lived on the second floor (Shang Zhifang). Thanks to this, you don't have to worry about your livelihood and can continue your studies.
[Luo Hengli] A "Western doctor" I met moved to the outskirts of Shanghai this year. Through his introduction, you were able to study under the "Western doctor" and learn unheard of knowledge, which opened your eyes.
At that time, my cousin was busy with business and often came back after being drunk. Since your father had lost your mother, you did not go out to socialize with him. You stayed in the "Tan Mansion" to concentrate on your studies. The books you brought back from the teacher were all kinds of things. In the three-story "library", you can still go fishing in your free time...
[Lv Mingran] My brother-in-law’s niece [Hai You] is my cousin’s adopted daughter. She lives next door to the “house master’s house” (Hai You’s house), and is worthy of your brother and sister - [Hai You] is 6 years younger than you and often comes here. "Library" will lend you books to read.
A few years later (1908), you completed your studies and did not go into business with your cousin as he asked. Instead, you went to teach in a new-style school. The salary was not high and you still lived in the "Tan Mansion".
The next year (1909), [Lv Mingran] became the manager of "Yuanheng Luo" in Shanghai. Sometimes he invited you to go fishing at the pier where he worked. He advised you not to be a teacher anymore and to ask your uncle to let you in. Family business, you will be the heir of "Jicai" in the future! You smiled and shook your head, saying that you had no such idea - you had witnessed the tragedy of your father's business failure, and you were afraid to avoid such things.
In the first year of the Republic of China (1912), when you went to visit your parents' graves, you passed by an orphanage in Pudong and found that it had been expanded, a new sign was hung, and it was renamed "Julie" (Julie) Orphanage.
Last year (1913), at the end of September, [Lv Mingran] asked you to go out for a drink, full of resentment and said that he had done nothing wrong and someone must have framed him... Only then did you learn that he had been raped by [Luo Hengli] Soon after he was dismissed from his post, his uncle arranged for the unemployed [Lv Mingran] to work at "Jicai" and always took him with him when he went out.
In October, you received the obituary notice that your teacher had passed away and attended his funeral, feeling very depressed.
After you attended the funeral and went home with the relics left by your teacher, you strolled to the beach. When you looked up, you saw a girl gazing at the sea. She looked less than twenty years old. She turned around and left after spotting you. Things fell into the sea... The sea water washed the things dropped by the girl to the shore. You picked them up and saw that it was a "pawn ticket" - the "pawn ticket" is to redeem the pawned things. The only certificate, you picked it up and wanted to return it to the girl, but you could no longer see her figure... You waited for a while, but still didn't see the girl come back.
The next day, you found the "Zhabei Pawn Shop" according to the name on the "pawn ticket", and saw the girl inside again - she was arguing with the person behind the counter, saying that the things you brought today were expensive, but the pawn shop said they were junk. !
When you went over to persuade her, the girl pulled you for comment. When you stepped forward and saw that the box the girl wanted to sell was a blue dress from a famous brand, you couldn't help but be surprised. You told the truth that the dress was expensive, but at the counter The people inside didn't buy it at all, they just thought it was a rag and old coat. The girl was so angry that she pulled you out.
You ask why girls use it as clothes? She lowered her head and said she needed money to pay off her debts... Look at the girl's simple makeup, so you ask, isn't this dress hers? The girl was stunned for a moment, and immediately looked at you alertly - you quickly explained that she didn't mean to steal anything, and then reported her name and occupation.
When the girl heard that you were a teacher, she lowered her guard and said that this was something left by her parents who passed away - her family used to do business, but later lost money. After her parents died, the creditor found her, and she could only leave her home Take out the things and sell them... When the girl said this, she burst into tears.
You recalled your own experience and felt sympathy, knowing that people would not go to a pawn shop to mortgage their valuable things for money unless they had to, so you immediately took out all the money you had and bought this dress - even though your The money was far less than the price of this dress, but the girl was very happy, and then whispered that she still had some things at home, and asked if you could buy them too? You didn't want to disappoint the girl in front of you, so you asked her to meet here in a week. When you got home, you gave a dress that you would never need as a gift to your "sister" [Hai You].
A week later, you took out the salary you had saved over the years, came to see the girl as agreed, and bought a black designer bag from her before you remembered to ask her name. The girl said her name was [Zina] and wanted to treat you to dinner - you had no money at this time, so [Zina] took out the money from the brand-name bag she had just sold and treated you... While eating, you listened [ Zina] said she found a job in the "Julie" orphanage and could make money to pay off her debts.
From then on, you would often go outside the "Julie" orphanage to wait for [Zina] to get off work, and see her come out wearing a coarse servant's clothes, walking and chatting with you... [Zina] was cheerful and talkative, but never You are not allowed to send her back to her residence even if she mentions her family affairs - you have had a similar experience, and you were reluctant to mention family affairs to others after your parents passed away, so you can understand [Zina] and tell her your own story.
Not only did you sympathize with [Zina], but you also wanted to make more money to help her pay off her debts, but you didn't want to ask your cousin for help, so you quit your teaching job, which didn't pay very well, and looked for jobs everywhere. Later, you were hired by a person who taught "Soul Existence" at the university. The "Professor He" (He Shizhen) of the course was hired with a high salary and became his personal assistant.
This year (1914), in August, you helped the professor send an "invitation" to invite the guests to participate in an academic report on the island. One of the requirements for attendance is that you must wear a "mask" that hides your true face.
On August 15th, you helped the professor welcome the guests at the Shanghai pier and met [Luo Hengli]. After some greetings, you all put on your "masks" and boarded the ship to go to sea... Wait until the guests finished listening to the report. You accompany them back to Shanghai - the professor has paid your salary before, and the teaching assistant's job comes to an end here.
[Luo Hengli] After returning to the pier, we disembarked in the rain and rushed to do errands. We didn’t even have time to go to the "Tan Mansion" to see my sister - you are no stranger to this scene. It was the same when your father was being called for debt... ···
In September, the cousin left Shanghai with her personal maid (A Ping). "Mrs. Wei" came to see her every day. It seemed that something was wrong - you remember that [Lv Mingran] has been living in the "Wei family" since he was dismissed. .
My cousin is getting older, and you notice that he looks bad, so you find an opportunity to follow him to the "bundle room" and persuade him to stay away from drinking and sex for a while. Your uncle sighs, looks at the dusty bird cage in the corner, and says He thought about how majestic he was when he saw "that man" carrying the bird upstairs and trying to sneak it into this cage. Now, no matter how much he eats "Xiongfeng", he can't cheer up, just like this bird. Like an empty cage...
You heard that your uncle had something to hide, and you remembered that you had read a possibly useful method in a "manuscript" book, so you told your uncle to get up every day, wear only underwear, go to a place with good air, cross your legs and close your eyes. , sitting quietly for an hour is helpful to restore body functions...
On September 15th, your cousin came to ask you something - you had just made an appointment with [Zina] to go fishing at the beach. You were anxious to keep the appointment, so you just dealt with it casually, and then went out with your fishing gear...
In the evening, you returned to "Tan Mansion" in a happy mood. You heard that your cousin adopted a young boy as his adopted son, named him [Cheng Ge] (Tan Cheng Ge), and let him live on the second floor of "Tan Mansion" [Cheng Ge] - Because you have been a teacher and are currently idle at home, your cousin asked you to teach [Cheng Ge] how to read and asked you to take good care of him. In the next few days, my uncle always takes [Cheng Ge] out and comes back drunk. You can't teach him anything.
On September 25, the cousin's aunt returned to "Tan Mansion", and the cousin's uncle took [Cheng Ge] to kowtow to her.
On September 26th, you went to the "Julie" orphanage to find [Zina], but she didn't come to work - you wanted to go to her home to find her, but you didn't know where she lived, and you felt lost for a moment - you had already fallen in love [Zina], but never told her, fearing that you would never see her again... You lingered outside for a long time with your worries on your mind. It was already evening when you returned to "Tan Mansion", but you didn't even have a meal. Not even in the mood to eat.
Yesterday (September 27th), you went out to the orphanage again and met [Zina] on the road - she was hiding on the roadside waiting for you with red eyes. After seeing you, she ran over and asked you if there was a place for you. How many days will she hide? You asked why, and [Zina] explained that the creditor wanted to force her to work in a nightclub to pay off the debt... Before she could finish her words, [Zina] burst into tears. You rush to comfort [Zina] and reassure her - you must help her!
In the evening, you and [Zina] had something to eat outside and returned to the "Tan Mansion" together - you took [Zina] quietly upstairs and let her hide in your room. [Zina] Please don't tell anyone about her here - keep it a secret from anyone! You nodded in agreement.
After dark, you can't take advantage of others and just leave [Zina] to rest in "Shang Zhi's Room" and go upstairs to "Guest Room 3" to spend the night. However, you heard the maid say that someone is staying in "Guest Room 3" - you I went to "Guest Room 2" to sleep. After getting into bed, I tossed and turned and couldn't fall asleep at all, so I went downstairs to my room and confessed my love to [Zina].
When it was almost early in the morning, [Lv Mingran] came to you suddenly and drunkenly said that he wanted to stay in your room for the night. You were afraid that he would see [Zina], so you took him upstairs and let him spend the night in "Guest Room 2". Go downstairs and return to your residence - you have already confessed your love to [Zina], hugged her, and still slept in the proper clothes...
Today (September 28), when it was almost 9 o'clock, you got up and saw that [Zina] hadn't woken up yet, so you went downstairs to the "kitchen" on the first floor to serve her breakfast, but the maid got up late and only had time to make it. "Sandwich"... After you brought breakfast back to your room, you heard someone knocking on the door, so you opened the door and came out and saw [Lv Mingran].
[Lv Mingran] whispered in your ear that he saw a girl in your room last night - it was a pity that the lights were dark and he couldn't see her face clearly... You quickly pulled [Lv Mingran] downstairs and left Enter the "lobby" on the first floor where there is no one around, and beg him not to tell anyone about it.
[Lv Mingran] put his hand on your shoulder, smiled and leaned over and said that he couldn't help you keep your "secret" in vain... Just when [Lv Mingran] was thinking about how to take the opportunity to "make things difficult" for you. , the cousin aunt walked down the stairs on the east side of the "hall" quickly, opened the door and walked out of the "hall", and a "young man" was waiting for her outside.
[Lv Mingran] immediately pulled you up the east stairs to the second floor and promised not to tell you about bringing a woman back. As for the conditions for keeping your secret, he has not thought about it yet... you just You can agree to any conditions with a wry smile - then you see [Cheng Ge] returning to his room with breakfast in hand.
[Lv Mingran] said that he would go back to "Guest Room 2" to sleep for a while, and asked you to go to the "kitchen" to get him a "sandwich" as a condition of keeping it secret for you. You agreed, went down the nearest stairs from the east side, walked through the "hall" and entered the "kitchen", took out a plate of "sandwiches", walked up the third floor from the west side stairs, and entered "Guest Room 2". You didn't see [ Lv Mingran], put down his breakfast and waited for him.
At about 10 o'clock, you suddenly heard the sound of "bumping", so you walked out of "Guest Room 2", followed the sound from the door on the east side of "Guest Room 2" to the "Balcony Corridor", and saw no one to the east, so you turned around. Go to the west side of the "Balcony Corridor", go back to the corridor from the door between the two "guest rooms", and see the "young man" and his aunt - the "young man" was standing outside the door of the "library" with his back to Auntie.
At this time, you heard screaming downstairs. The "young man" turned around and followed your aunt downstairs. When you arrived on the second floor, you first saw a rope hanging from a chandelier - you go He leaned over the fence and looked again, and saw a person hanging under the rope. It was actually [Lv Mingran] - [Lv Mingran]'s neck was wrapped in a rope loop, and he was hanging in the hall on the first floor. His feet were no longer off the ground. Moved!
[Lv Mingran]'s sister "Mrs. Wei" is slumped beside the fence on the east side of the corridor. [Hai You] is supporting her, and [Cheng Ge] walks out of the "Cheng Ge room" behind you... ··The "young man" is the calmest one among you. He said to put down the person who was hanging up quickly - only then did everyone react and go downstairs from both sides and gather on the first floor...


Act 2:
your secret
In order to help [Zina], you did not hesitate to lie to your cousin and steal your cousin’s money...
After you met [Zina], your relationship became better and better. You learned that she couldn't pay off her debts just with the salary from the orphanage, and wanted to continue selling things to raise money--[Zina] said that all the things she had left at home were originally She spent a lot of money to buy it, but she doesn't need it now, so she might as well sell it and pay off the debt quickly.
At the end of August, you bought a pair of blue high heels from [Zina] with the salary paid by your professor - you had fallen in love with [Zina] at this time, and no longer gave her things away, and you were unwilling to give her things away. If your family members know about it, put the high heels and the women's brand-name bag you bought before in the "bathroom" at the back of your room, and put the "pawn ticket" that led you to become friends with her into your wallet - previously "Western Doctor" "There are some precious "manuscripts" in the book given to you. You put them in the "library" together with the materials you used when you were a teaching assistant... Among the relics left to you by the "Western Doctor" are also Six practical knives, including awls, sharp blades, etc., are stored in the cabinet in the "collection room".
Later [Zina] said that she had already calculated and was short of more than 200 silver dollars to pay off the debt - she wanted to sell all the remaining things in the house, but she didn't know where to find a suitable buyer... ··
Although you have temporarily lost your income because your job as a personal tutor has come to an end, your desire to help [Zina] has never changed, so you ask her what else she wants to sell?
[Zina] said that the only jewelry left for sale at home is women’s jewelry - and the price is not cheap when you buy it!
When you heard that they were jewelry, you thought of your rich cousin, so you borrowed a pair of "sapphire earrings" from [Zina], took them to your cousin, and told her that these were jewelry inherited from your family, but You don't need it, so you want to sell it cheaply... As you expected, my cousin doesn't want to give good things to outsiders cheaply. When she saw the earrings were beautiful, she paid 20 silver dollars to buy them.
The next day, you gave all the money to [Zina]. She was very happy and soon gave you a pair of "ruby earrings". You sold them to your cousin and got back 20 silver dollars.
At the beginning of September, you helped [Zina] sell 8 pieces of sapphire jewelry worth 160 silver dollars to her cousin. Later, [Zina] brought you a white "jade bracelet", saying it was the last piece she could sell. - You thought you could help [Zina] collect the debt so quickly, and you couldn't help but feel proud, so you guaranteed that you could sell it for at least 30 silver dollars.
On September 6th, you showed the "jade bracelet" to your cousin. Unexpectedly, after she heard you say that this was the last piece of jewelry left in your family, she didn't buy it as usual, which put you in trouble. ······After that, my aunt went back to Ningbo. You didn't want [Zina] to be disappointed, so you went in and stole 25 silver dollars when your uncle was not in the "main house" and gave it to [Zina], saying that you didn't sell it for the price you promised her... ·
[Zina] Not only was she not disappointed, she also happily said that she had been saving her salary and that when she got this month’s salary at the end of the month, it would be enough to pay off her debt.
On September 15th, [Zina] came to you and said thank you very much and didn’t know how to repay you, so you asked her to go fishing with you. [Zina] nodded in agreement, and then said that she wanted to save money first - you After making an appointment with [Zina] to meet at the beach where you first met, he rushed back to the "Tan Mansion" to get fishing gear, and by the way, he perfunctoryly dealt with his uncle who asked about [Xinya]. You then wait for [Zina] at the beach and talk about the day you met her... [Zina] said that her mother brought her here to watch the sea when she was a child, and then said with a smile that she deliberately threw the "dang" away. ticket"--because she had no intention of redeeming that thing...
Speaking of this, [Zina]'s expression suddenly dimmed for a moment, and then she shook her head vigorously,
The smile returned.

Act 3:
next story
Because we couldn't find a long ladder at the moment, we couldn't put [Lv Mingran]'s body down, so you could only watch him continue to hang in the air.
You think of the time you spent with [Lv Mingran], fishing with him, drinking together... Just now, you were talking and laughing... He personally promised to keep it a secret for you.
The aunt then turned around and asked [Hai You] if she saw [Cai Qian] and "Liao Gongzi"? [Hai You] thought for a while and said that she saw "Liao Gongzi" going upstairs from the west staircase.
Your aunt hurriedly went upstairs from the west staircase. You looked around, but you didn't see "Mrs. Wei" - there were only [Hai You] and [Cheng Ge] around you at this time.
You then heard someone screaming on the second floor, like a woman's voice. You couldn't help but worry about [Zina] and wanted to go upstairs from the west staircase. Unexpectedly, [Hai You] was more anxious than you and actually walked up in front of you. Stairs - you can only follow [Hai You] up the stairs. On the second floor, you will meet your cousin who came down from the third floor. Then you will see the "Master's Room" on the east side of the corridor with the door open, "Mrs. Wei" "Climbed out of it.
While your aunt and [Hai You] were walking towards "Mrs. Wei", you slipped back into your room to find [Zina], only to see a woman wearing a mask lying motionless on the ground!
You recognized that the "mask" was brought back by you on August 15th. The coarse cloth the woman was wearing belonged to [Zina]. You also noticed that there were strangulation marks on her neck... You stretched out your hands tremblingly. He took action and wanted to take off the "mask", but found that the "mask" was actually stuck to the woman's face - from the edge of the mask, it could be seen that blood was sticking to it, and the person under the mask was no longer breathing.
Is [Zina] dead? No matter how reluctant you are to accept this reality, you clearly know that the woman in front of you is already a corpse!
The scene of your parents' death seemed to reappear, and you let out a heart-wrenching cry. When you ran out of "Shang Zhi's Room", your eyes were blurred by tears, and you almost bumped into "Liao Gongzi" standing at the top of the stairs.
"Liao Gongzi" moved the briefcase in his hand behind him and dodged you - you leaned weakly against the fence on the second floor and said tremblingly: "She...she's dead!"
Auntie and [Hai You] walked over holding "Mrs. Wei", and [Cheng Ge] followed them, and together they came to the door of "Shang Zhifang"... "Mrs. Wei" suddenly spoke at this time , saying that she just saw the body of [Tan Renchang]!
next story
At noon, the lawyer appointed by my uncle came to the "Tan Mansion". When he learned that a murder had occurred here, he was shocked and hurriedly told the story that his uncle sent [Lv Mingran] to find him the day before yesterday (September 26) - -It turns out that the lawyer came here today not to help my cousin handle the transfer of the dock, but to make a "new will" for my cousin and change the "beneficiary" of an "insurance".
According to the lawyer, not long ago, when his aunt returned to her parents' home, he asked him to make a "will" because he felt unwell and had memory loss. [Tan Shang Zhi] In addition to inheriting properties such as "Jicai" and "Tan Mansion", there is also a "secret trust" involving part of the property and the heir designated by another cousin. However, the lawyer can only find the other party privately, and The other party’s name cannot be published.
In addition, the lawyer could only reveal that when [Lv Mingran] came to him, he asked him if he could make an advance before the heirs received the inheritance? It seems like someone is in a hurry for money.
The lawyer then said that if [Tan Renchang] committed suicide, the "beneficiary" of the insurance policy he purchased would not receive the insurance benefits.
Just after the lawyer finished talking about these things, a valet remembered that he was awakened by the sound of delivering hot water to the second floor early this morning. He walked out of the "valet room" and went to the "lobby" on the first floor to look up. Soon after, he looked up. When the three "men in black robes" walked up to the third floor, another figure followed them up to the third floor. Later, the figure went downstairs from the third floor and went to the west side. The male servant also went back to his room to sleep.
The aunt's personal maid "A Ping" ran over in a hurry and said that she saw a dead person in "Guest Room 3" on the third floor... Everyone immediately ran upstairs and opened the door of "Guest Room 3" Finally, I saw a Woman lying on the ground, the blood flowing from her head had solidified...
You feel that Woman looks familiar, but because you are constantly frightened by the death of people around you, your mind is confused and you can't remember where you have seen her...
