
Character background
Your full name is [Li Luo Ming] and you were born in the 18th year of the reign of Emperor Guangxu of the Qing Dynasty (1892). Your father [Li Zicai] runs the "Jiashan Tang" medical clinic in Pudong, Shanghai, and is quite famous. In the Gengzi Year (1900), the owner of the "Xia Family Boxing Gym" [Xia Bolong] fell ill, and his second brother [Xia Zhongpeng] asked your father to visit him. Not long after [Xia Bolong] died, his third brother [Xia Sanhu] came to the hospital to argue, and your father agreed to compensate for the funeral expenses.
But your family's savings were borrowed by your uncle [Li Zijun] to study in Japan. Your father was injured by [Xia Sanhu] because he couldn't make time, and he didn't survive the winter. Three years later, your mother became completely desperate for life and chose to hang herself.
You have no relatives since then. After selling your house at a low price to bury your mother, you wander around the Pudong Pier with the gangsters, waiting for life and death until one day you meet [Yue Dongwen], the big boss of "Shanghai Yue's Medicinal Materials Company". He and Your father is an old friend. After he recognized you, he wanted to send you back to school to continue your studies, but you insisted on a job that could make you money. It happened that he asked you to look after a warehouse at the dock. You were very confident and made no mistakes.
You concealed your surname, changed your name to [Luo Ming], used the money you earned as tuition, and went to the "Xia Family Boxing Gym" to become a disciple (you told them that both of your parents were dead and you were working at the dock). At this time [Xia Zhongpeng] was paralyzed and sitting in a wheelchair, and [Xia Sanhu] became the owner of the museum. [Xia Sanhu] likes to gamble, so you play with him. Every time he finishes gambling, he asks you to put away his "dice" for him, as if he is afraid of being seen by [Xia Zhongpeng]. When you gamble, you "lose more than you win". Sometimes you even deliberately lose money to him in order to gain his trust and look for opportunities to take revenge on the Xia family.
The one who really teaches you Kung Fu is Xia Shue, the daughter of Xia Bolong. She is two years younger than you. When you started learning martial arts, you were not convinced by this woman from the Xia family, but she taught her very seriously, and you also studied hard. Starting from the "horse step", you continued to practice hard, and finally learned it. Developed the eight-position "Tongxing Iron Fist". You relied on this hard skill to stand out in a fight.
That happened last year (1913). There was a group of gangsters at the pier, and a girl in a foreign dress was robbed of her bag by them. They chased her here and asked for it. When you see a girl in the warehouse who is about to suffer a loss, you can't help but go out and persuade her to leave. She said that the bag contained the "last things" left by her lost father, and she wanted to get them back no matter what. The gangsters laughed and said, "Li, please mind your own business," and then continued to insult you and her.
Maybe it's because the other person is taking advantage of you, or maybe you're moved by the persistence and bravery of the girl in the dress. You fight against the gangsters for a stranger. There were many of them, but you didn't care at all and vented all the anger and pain in your heart. When the other warehouse guards arrived, you were covered in blood and still standing firmly on the ground. The gangsters were all knocked down. You return the girl's bag to her and warn her not to come to the pier again. This is not a place for a delicate young lady like her... She shakes her head vigorously. Before you can figure out what she means, her vision goes dark and she faints... …
After that, your status in the dock changed from the little brother who was taken care of by Boss Yue to the "big brother of the dock" nicknamed "Hard Horse Iron Fist". After you recover from your injury, you continue to look after the warehouse, and you still go to the boxing gym to practice martial arts the rest of the time. Recent events (July to August 2)
(July 18) Bai Changgong, the shopkeeper of "Shui Xuan Restaurant", has a batch of "Ming Dynasty Huanghuali" door and window furniture in the warehouse. He can't pay the rent (two hundred taels of silver). You have to deduct the goods to pay for it. He said and I know Boss Yue, so you can take him to the boss to make a decision. Boss Yue promised him a ten-day grace period.
(July 19) You meet your uncle Li Zijun, who has been missing for more than ten years, in the boxing gym. He has a "Western beard" and claims to be the "specialist" of "Tianji Co., Ltd.". He comes here to meet his old acquaintance Xia Sanhu. You didn't expect him to become "Japanese", nor did you expect him to be friends with the people who harmed your family.
You follow him to the street and call out his name, Li Zijun.
He (Yu Zu Chengmu) turned around in surprise. He recognized you after you reported your name. You said that your parents had moved away and you were currently studying martial arts at the "Xia Family Boxing Gym" and there was an opportunity to make money. You asked him if he was interested. He nodded immediately. After you asked for his address (a cheap hotel in Pudong), you asked him to meet at the Pudong Pier tomorrow morning.
(July 20) You take your uncle into the warehouse, show him the "Ming Dynasty Huanghuali", and tell him that it is smuggled goods. You can cooperate inside and outside to let Xia Sanhu buy it, and you will share 30% of it with him after it is completed. He immediately agreed with a smile and immediately prepared a set of excuses to deceive an old acquaintance.
(July 21) Yu Zu Chengmu comes to the boxing gym. You take him to the living room of the inner house to meet Xia Sanhu (this is your first time entering the inner house). They hug and greet like foreigners. You hide at the corner of the corridor and spy on them opening the hanging painting at the end of the corridor in front of the living room and entering the secret room through a "revolving wooden door". After a while, Xia Sanhu went to the cafeteria and brought the tea in person (as far as you know, this is his habit of receiving important guests).
When [Xia Sanhu] sends [Yu Zu Chengmu] back, you sneak into the secret and find a "small paper bag" with "Insect Killing Spirit" written on it. Next to it are two lines of small words: "Insect killing is effective immediately, not edible for humans and animals." , which contains some particles condensed together. You put away the "small paper bag" and left [inner house].
[Xia Sanhu] When I come back, I will ask you where to buy "Huanghuali". After pretending to think about it, you say that there is a batch of smuggled high-end goods in Yitou, which is from the Ming Dynasty. The police are now investigating, and the owner of the goods plans to sell it at a low price, asking for = _- ten thousand taels of silver. [Xia Sanhu] asked you to place an order immediately, he will need it next month.
(July 24) [Xia Sanhu] asked you to bet money. You won some, but he didn’t get angry. He asks you how the goods are, and you tell him that he can trade them at the end of the month. [Xia Sanhu] was very satisfied. He patted you on the shoulder and said, after the work is completed, there will be a reward for you. Then he led people to vacate the first room on the right after entering the [inner house].
[Xia Shue] advises you not to gamble with [Xia Sanhu] again. You said you didn't have much fun. She shook her head and said that she could tell that you were not a gambler. How could she tell? She said, that kind of person won't be as focused as you when practicing martial arts. The third uncle was just because of gambling... She didn't continue talking, and changed the subject and said: As a master, I think you are not young anymore, so you should save money to prepare for a wife. , No woman likes her husband to gamble. You laughed at her words. This was the first time you laughed from the bottom of your heart since you came to the "Xia Family Boxing Gym".
(July 26) [Yu Zu Chengmu] asked you when he could collect the money. You told him that he still had two hundred taels of silver left to buy the goods. He said he had a way to borrow it, but he would have to pay 10% more after it was done. You asked him what method he used, and he proudly said that he borrowed it from a woman... You couldn't hold back your disgust for him, and punched him in the face, telling him to go with the injury, as a soft-hearted woman is more likely to succeed.
You sent him to "Francy's Cake Shop" in the concession, and saw that the woman he was talking about was the [girl in a foreign dress] you helped at the dock last year. You saw that her nameplate said [Anqi], and you were afraid that she would Recognize it and leave quickly while she is getting a towel for [Yu Zu Chengmu].
(July 28) [Xia Shue] was absent from the teaching in the indoor martial arts gym. [Xia Sanhu] demonstrated grappling for her and [Xia Zhongpeng]. He was grabbed by [Xia Zhongpeng] and tore his clothes when he broke free. You are responsible When cleaning, pick up the torn "white rags".
After [Xia Shue] came back, she came to the indoor martial arts studio to read an "old newspaper" to [Xia Sanhu]. You brought them tea, but [Xia Sanhu] said they were taking "Chinese medicine" for the past two days and could not drink tea. When you put down your tea and left, you noticed that [Xia Sanhu] looked very different from usual.
Someone went to the warehouse to steal something at night, and you led them into hugging him. You recognize that the leader is [Bai Changgong]. It turns out that he can't make up the rent and wants to steal the goods. You let him go and warn him that if he dares to come to Yisheng again, he will be beaten every time he sees him.
(July 29) [Yu Zu Chengmu] sent you two 100-tael silver checks. You told [Boss Yue] that it was [Bai Changgong] who paid the rent, and the goods would be taken away in the next two days.
You went to the warehouse to clean up in the afternoon and heard someone talking outside. You looked out the window and saw [Xia Sanhu] grabbing a [white-haired uncle] by the collar and saying: [Wu Baian], I know you sell poison for the "boss". After the accident, none of you can get away with it. ! [White-haired Uncle] pushed [Xia Sanhu] away and said: When I sold the "Insect Killing Spirit" to you, I told you not to let people eat it. A small amount can kill people - are you using it to kill people? Your eldest brother [Xia Bolong]? [Xia Sanhu] sneered and said: So what, this is the Republic of China, can I be convicted of what happened during the reign of Guangxu? If you tell me, I'm afraid both you and the "vampire named Yue" will be discredited!
You were filled with rage as you listened to all this. I originally thought that the tragedy in my family was due to a medical accident, but I didn't expect that it turned out to be a man-made conspiracy - my father was accused of being the scapegoat, and everyone in front of me was actually the murderer! You were so naive when you planned to cause the Xia family to suffer losses in order to achieve revenge!
As soon as "Xia Sanhu" left, you walked to "Wu Baian" and used the "Xia Family Fist" you learned to strike his heart continuously with all your strength. You fell down before he could see you clearly. You put the "white rag" you picked up yesterday into his hands and watched him struggle to crawl to the intersection. Someone came to help him and you ran away immediately. After you watched him die, in order to avoid suspicion, you moved the body away from the intersection in front of the warehouse where you worked. After dumping the body, you returned to the warehouse and pretended that you had never left.
(July 30) "Xia Sanhu" bought all the "Ming Dynasty Huanghuali" and brought them to the "Xia Family Boxing Gym". When he gave you 20,000 taels of silver notes, "Xia Zhongpeng" whispered something to him. He seemed very nervous and gave you all the money. In the banknote, you find a "pawn ticket" from "Zhabei Pawn Shop". You later wrote on the back of the "pawn ticket" "Kill to pay for life, debt to pay for money, loss of relatives, pain of loss of love, use money to pay debt, use blood to wash revenge", as a declaration of revenge, threw it at the door of the "inner house" . When you see "Xia Sanhu" directing people to move "Ming Dynasty Huanghuali" into the house, you pick up this "pawn ticket" and stuff it into your arms.
(August 2) You take [Yu Zu Chengmu] to the bank to exchange "eight thousand taels of silver notes" for him, and then you use your own "twelve thousand taels" to give him a "two hundred taels of silver note" "ticket" and "twenty silver dollars", and asked him to return the principal with interest to the woman. He disagrees and tells you: You don’t have to pay back the money you borrow from women. These people who borrowed money are fools who are greedy for future benefits. They deserve it... You know [Anqi] is not the kind of woman he said, and your father is exactly that. Because you lent him money to study abroad, you couldn't afford the funeral expenses for the Xia family - His words completely chilled you. If your uncle is unrighteous, don't blame your nephew for being ruthless - you want to use him to avenge your parents. You take him to "Francy's Cake Shop", watch him return the money to [Anqi], ask him to go to the boxing gym tomorrow, and lower your voice and say you will give him some benefits.
Today (August 3)
You prepare the stage for revenge and wait for the characters to appear one by one. Before they arrived, you were diligently boxing in the indoor martial arts gym as usual.
In the Xia family boxing gym
(17: 20) [Yu Zu Chengmu] is here, you ask him to go straight into the [inner house] and meet him in the "Xia Sanhu Room" (the third door on the right side of the corridor).
(17: 30) You go to Yilan and pour the particles in the "small paper bag (insecticide)" into the tea can. When [Xia Sanhu] brings tea to [Yu Zu Chengmu], he will be poisoned to death (this medicine was bought by [Xia Sanhu] and [Wu Baian], and he couldn't escape it even if he jumped into the Huangpu River). You met [Xia Sanhu] when you walked out of the cafeteria. He punched you down and pulled you into the cafeteria. He tied you to a chair with the "rope" you brought with you (used to tie goods in the dock warehouse) and said he would wait for him to send you away. The "debt collector" will settle the score with you again. You watched as he brewed a pot of tea mixed with poison and took it away.
(17:40) Xia Zhongpeng brought his disciples (Lu Dong, Abao, etc.) into the cafeteria. When he asked Lu Dong to untie you, you shouted: Master! The boss (Xia Sanhu) was crazy. I saw him putting things in the guests' tea, so he knocked him down and tied him to a chair...Xia Zhongpeng told you not to talk nonsense, and then he pushed the wheelchair out. You picked up the "rope" and followed him out, watching him enter the inner house.
(18:00) A young man in a long gown comes to the boxing gym. He calls himself Duan Yuetong and is a policeman. He wants to see the owner of the Xia Sanhu Hall. Tell him the location of the "Xia Sanhu Room" and let him enter the inner house (do you think this is the best witnesses), and then you go to the indoor martial arts gym to continue practicing.
(18:20) There is still no movement in the inner house. You guess that Xia Sanhu may have hidden the poisoned body, and you must find it. You sneak into the inner house, run into the warehouse and see no one, then go to the secret room to look for him.
(18:30) You heard someone shouting "Mr. Yu Zu" in the warehouse, and saw Yu Zu Chengmu who was supposed to be poisoned to death walking towards the secret room (there was a small hole in the wall of the secret room, you could see outside), you took advantage of him to push When the door opens, go out the other side. At this time, you heard someone running in the corridor and hid in the living room.
(18:40) There was a loud noise outside. You were afraid of being seen, so you didn’t go out.
(18:50) Yu Zu Chengmu came into the living room. You watched as his tie was loosened and he covered his abdomen with one hand, looking nervous. He whispered to you that he had accepted the benefit.
(19:00) You follow "Xia Sanhu" out of the living room. After watching him leave the inner house, you go to Xia Sanhu's room. You carefully opened the door and threw the "small paper bag" containing the "insect killing spirit" into the room. At this time, you saw Xia Sanhu lying on the bed, with his "dagger" thrown on the ground and hanging from the beam. The "Black Belt". You closed the door and walked to the bed, only to find that his eyes were staring out, his fingers were bent, and he was not breathing. There was a knock on the door outside the house. You hid behind the door and saw Xia Shue coming in. She walked to the bed, and you knocked her unconscious from behind. When she fell, she lay on Xia Sanhu's body. At this time, you heard someone pushing the door, and you didn't have time to hide behind the door, so you hid under the bed, but you didn't see anyone coming in.
(19:10) You go to Xia Zhongpeng’s room and find Xia Zhongpeng and tell him that you come to see the leader, but you don’t dare to see him alone, so ask him to take you there. You enter Xia Sanhu's room, Xia Shue is still unconscious on Xia Sanhu's body. Xia Zhongpeng went over to check, then he picked up Xia Shue and warned you: The leader has passed away, I will send A'e back to the house, you go call the police, remember, you must not say you saw A'e here, otherwise I I will destroy you! Xia Shue was not originally part of your revenge plan, but you nodded in agreement.
(19:40) Go to Zhabei Police Station to report the crime and tell the police who entered the house today and their address (you did not tell the true identity of your uncle, only that he is "Yu Zu Chengmu" from Japan and lives in a hotel in Pudong ). Your enemy is dead, but you don't feel any joy in your heart.
The first stage of investigation - inside Zhabei Police Station (20:30)
You, along with others, will be interviewed and examined by the police, and you will be able to inform them in detail and understand what happened. The police only check the belongings for five minutes at a time, and the process takes a total of 35 minutes (seven checks).

Others you already know:
1. Wu Baian: The [white-haired uncle] whom you beat to death once sold "Insect Killing Spirit" to [Xia Sanhu].
2. Xia Sanhu: The enemy who killed your father [Li Zicai] is now dead.
3. Xia Zhongpeng: [Xia Sanhu]’s second brother, he listens to [Xia Sanhu] on all matters. He asked you to hide the fact that you saw [Xia Shue] unconscious on the corpse.
4. Xia Shue: [Xia Sanhu]’s niece, the master who taught you boxing, is serious and responsible. You overheard that her father [Xia Bolong] might have been poisoned by [Xia Sanhu]. She is a victim just like you, and you don't want to involve her in revenge.
5. Yu Zu Chengmu: Formerly known as [Li Zijun], he is your uncle. You are now pretending to be strangers.
6. Yue Dongwen: The owner of the dock warehouse is also your boss.
7. Duan Yuetong: Police, come to the boxing gym to meet [Xia Sanhu] today.
8. Anqi: The girl who lent money to [Yu Zu Chengmu], you know she has no father, and her bag contains the "last things" left by her father.

Your statement at the police station (you told everyone):
1. You and your uncle [Xia Zhongpeng] entered the scene together (19:10). After seeing the body of [Xia Sanhu], he asked you to report the crime. At the scene, you also saw [Xia Sanhu]'s "black belt" hanging on the beams, a Xia Sanhu commonly used "dagger" thrown on the ground, and by the way, there was also a "small paper bag" on the ground.
2. [Xia Sanhu] is the master of "Xia Jia Quan". He trusted you very much during his lifetime. You have the impression that he is an impatient person.
3. The uncles [Xia Zhongpeng] and [Xia Sanhu] have a very good relationship, and they listen to [Xia Sanhu] on matters in the boxing gym. You think the martial arts of the master uncle is better than that of the master, especially in grappling.
4. The teacher who teaches you boxing is [Xia Shue]. She is single and should not have a boyfriend.
5. You have another job and are not in the boxing gym when you are not learning boxing. You are not clear about many things.
