Background
You are not the pro -son of Bai Changgong.
You were born in the 21st year of Guangxu (1895) in the Qing Dynasty. Your biological father often goes to the Shuixuan Restaurant where you are open. At that time, your mother Duan Hejun was only 18 years old.EssenceMy mother told you that she was with him when he was most frustrated. At that time, he had a wife, so he did not tell him your existence.After she gave birth to you, she married the restaurant's boss Bai Changgong (he was promoted to the shopkeeper after he entered the decay).
When you were a kid, you were very eager to see your biological father, and you were afraid of hearing the news of his death. This idea did not gradually disappear until you grow up.
Your family is in Pudong, Shanghai. There is a confrontation named Yue Kesa. He is three years older than you and loves fighting. You have not suffered his fist, but he is not bad. You treat him as a big brother and take care of him.Your job is also relied on him to help you guarantee and introduce.
You are currently being a police officer in Pudong, and the girl who likes the favorite (you are a male and female friend, but have not yet developed). After you get off work, you often go to the ancestor's Herlan Simi cake shop to see her -she is internship there, the nickname is calledAnqi, writing Angel -her real name Lan Qin, but you prefer her nickname, and claim to cooperate with her -you don't know what this foreign word means, only in a book "Angel in New York" in a bookEssenceShe is the same age as you and has no father since she was a child, because your mother is a handkerchief, and you grew up together (one of the reasons for you to be a police officer is to protect her).
[Anqi] There is a "brocade box" embroidered with the word "Hejun". She has never showed you what is in it -in fact, this "brocade box" was embroidered by your mother when he was young, and gave it to [anqi]The mother [Auntie Yi], [Auntie Yi] is given to [anqi].You listened to your mother earlier, [anqi] The money of her family was left by her father (he had something to make this money), and [Auntie Yi] saw a "decoration" in the silver bag left by her husband, and thenGive your daughter to commemorate.This is this in "Jin Box".
Recently, [Anqi] added a community that seemed to be an "foreigner" organization. She often attended a party, and she sometimes said a few words of Japanese.What happened recently (July to August 2nd) (July 26) Your mother has a strong temper on [bai Changgong].In the name of your mother, I compiled a "shameless lie" and borrowed 2002 silver from [Auntie Yi]. Last night, [Auntie Yi] came to chat with your mother, and she knew.[Bai Changgong] Be pleaded to let him take the money he borrowed, and he could make a lot of money as long as he put forward the goods.
Your mother satirizes that he is not a business material. None of the friends who handed it out. Then she searched for two hundred or two silver tickets from him and let you go back to [Auntie Yi].You go to [Auntie Yi] at home and see [anqi], and give her a silver ticket.
(July 28) [bai Changgong] I came to you with a swollen face, saying that I was beaten and let you catch people.What do you ask and why do you hit him?He said that he was playing with [Yue Dongwen]. He heard that his nickname was "Hard Horse Iron Fist". He was jealous of his goods that had a dock warehouse to extort him.You know that [Yue Dongwen] is a well -known medicinal material businessman, the big boss of "Shanghai Yue's Medicinal Co., Ltd.", and your father of [Brother Yue]. Even the director of the police station is polite to such a big man.
He looked at you without moving, gritted his teeth, and said, "You caught the Hard HORD HORSE Iron Fist＇, and I will tell you who your father is! "You don't believe it, he tells you:" I am a guy time,Someone gives your mother -in -law, saying that the man was born in 73 years (42 years old) —— If you want to know the name, you have to catch people first! "
(July 29) You return to "Shuixuan Restaurant" and ask the elderly.The old account room [zhong bo] tells you a lot of people who have brought relatives that year. Lao Dong's family saw the Li family in the Kai Sheng Kai Medical Museum.I have never heard of it.
You returned to the police station, checked many aging files, and finally found the relevant records:
In the winter of the 26th year of Guangxu (1900), the head of the Pudong "Jiashan Hall" medical museum [Li Zicai] was beaten by the family members of the deceased because of failure to compensate his patient's funeral expenses.Afterwards, the two sides forgive each other.[Li Zicai] Three years later, his wife committed suicide and his son's whereabouts were unknown.
At night, someone came to the police station to report, claiming to see a [white hair Aber] at the intersection in front of the warehouse, bleeding from the nose, and holding a "white fragmented cloth" in his hand.You followed, but I didn't see such a person.According to the current regulations, the police will not leave the police for no reason, so the man honestly pays you a "police fee".
(July 30) You are arranged to investigate a murder.The deceased was thrown after being beaten and killed, and the deceased held a torn "white fragmented cloth".Forensic doctors speculate that the death time was yesterday (29th).Some people recognize that the deceased is called [Wu Baian] and is a pharmacist at "Shanghai Yue's Medicine Company".This kind of thing is not uncommon for today's Shanghai Beach. Pudong often has a blood case that happens to fight for power and interests.
(July 31st) [Wu Xiao] after certifying the corpse, you politely request [Brother Yue]
Come to the police station to ask (you dare not surprise his father before you have no evidence).He has been at home for the past two days, and only knows that [Wu Bai] has worked for his house for more than ten years, and his wife has died.
During the survey, you found that [Wu Bai] is a lonely person and has almost no friends.When you went to his house, he didn't see his son, but found a can of "sealing medicine" that was locked up, which read "insects and killing the spirit". There are two lines of small characters next to it "insect -killing and seeking results, human and animals are not available."
You bring the "sealing medicine" back to the police station and ask the forensic to identify it.Forensic doctors fed the wild dog a little bit. It didn't take long for wild dogs to spasm, with black blood flowing out of the mouth and nose, and her eyes protruding their eyes and dying.The forensic doctor tells you that this is the second time he saw this kind of death. Last time he saw him internship in Zhabei.
(August 2) You get a certificate from the bureau and go to Zhabei Police Station to ask for assistance to investigate.They found you an old case more than ten years ago, which recorded 1900 in 1900. The head of the "Xiajia Boxing Museum" [xia Bolong] died at home, the dead shape was the body spasm, the mouth and nose flowed out of the mouth and nose out of the nose.Black blood.
You asked the police from the police station and learned that the "Xiajia Boxing Museum" is now taken care of by the third brother of [xia Bolong].You also inquire about [XIA Bolong] before he died, he would compete with a [JAPANESE]. After he died, he was played by his second brother [xia zhongpeng].
Today (August 3) you obtained the permission from the Zhabei Police Station and stayed here to investigate the case of [Wu Baian].You are going to meet with [XIA SANHU] to find the connection between his elder brother and [Wu Baian].
In the Xiajia Boxing Hall
(18:00) You came to the "Xiajia Boxing Hall" and said the name and career to the [short -haired youth] in a courtyard, and said that he would see [Xia Gang owner].He asked you to go in [inner house] straight, "XIA SANHU Room" is the third door on the right side of the corridor.
(18:10) When you enter the room and see a suit man lie on the bedside, he sees you stand up immediately.You see that he sorted out the "Western Beard", the tie was scattered, covering his belly with one hand, and his forehead was sweaty.You say your name and occupation, and ask him if he is the owner of the Xia Guan?He said his surname was "Yu Zu".Do you ask him to recognize the pharmacist called Wu Jiancan?He fell into thought and kept knocking on his head. Finally, he only knew that Wu Hakkan was a classmate of Li Zicai.(Li Zicai, you didn't expect to hear this name!)
(18:20) The door of the house was pushed away. A man sitting in a wheelchair came in. After Mr. Yu Zu bowed his head to salute, he covered his belly out.You have to go out and ask, and the man in the wheelchair is caught. His hand is like an iron pliers, so you can't move you. He asked who you are, and you quickly say that he is loosened.(18:30) You chased into the corridor and shouted a few "Mr. Yu Zu", but did not see the figure, you went to the outer courtyard to find him.
(18:40) You inquire with people in the field, and no one saw Mr. Yu Zu left.You have always found a car from the east gate of the boxing hall, and you still have not seen anyone.
(19:20) You see the man in the wheelchair come out and he's holding a women's bag, which you immediately recognize as Angie's. You ask him about it and he says he picked it up, and he gives it back to you when you say it's your girlfriend's. You took it to find that some sinking, but did not open it (Anqi attached great importance to privacy. If you know that you peek, you will definitely be angry).You know that Anqi must be anxious at this time, so he resigned and looked for her.
(19:30) You saw "Anqi" on the way to Pudong, and called her from behind, and wrapped her with a smile. After she opened it and looked inside, she was relieved.You sent her home, and said goodbye to you in advance before she arrived.
(20:00) You returned to Zhabei Police Station and were informed by colleagues that a murder case occurred in the "Xiajia Boxing Museum" today, and I have to work overtime.

During the investigation stage, a Zhabei Police Station (20:30)
Others you already know:
1. XIA SANHU: The current head of the "Xia Family Boxing Hall", you haven't seen him.
2. Wu Baian: After being beaten, he was thrown away after death. You are now investigating the case.
3. Anqi: The real name "LAN qin", your girlfriend of you, you listen to her.She is now an internship in the "Herlanisi Cake Shop" in the concession.You know that she has participated in a community and often goes out. The name of that community organizer (what you can't remember) is not like the Chinese.
4. Yu Zu Chengmu: He tells you that "Wu Baian" is a classmate of "Li Zicai".
5. Yue Kesa: You call him "Brother Yue". His father "Yue Dongwen" is the big boss of "Shanghai Yue's Medicine Company" and is very powerful in the local area.
6. You don't know others now.

You state in the police station (you tell you):
1. You are the police in Pudong. In order to investigate the case, come to Zhabei and now assist in the investigation.
2. You go to the "Xiajia Boxing Hall" to see the "XIA SANHU" investigation case.
3. You are a law enforcement officer and will abide by the laws and discipline of the Republic of China.
4. You don't know "ANQI" to know "yu zu chengmu", why did they come to the police together?