Personal background:
You were born in the 20th year of Guangxu (1894), and are the only daughter of XIA BOLONG, the first generation of the "Xiajia Boxing Museum".
When you were seven years old (1900), my father was sick and bed was bed.In the evening, you took a bowl of "Chinese medicine" for your father. The next day, he woke up to see him lying on the bed, his mouth and nose flowing out of black blood, staring at his outstanding eyes, and bent in the air.You are scared to cry, and the adults tell you that your father has died.
When you keep filial piety, a Japanese comes to the boxing hall to compete with the second uncle. The second uncle was injured and could not stand.Your mother died the next year.
The third uncle XIA SANHU takes care of you to grow up, and the second uncle teaches you martial arts.When you look at the decline of the "Xia Family Boxing Hall", you can practice martial arts desperately.When you are sixteen, you have the essence of "Xia Jiaquan". What is lacking is only experience and strength. You have been a coach in the boxing hall since then.
There is a disciple named Luo Ming (AMING). He starts not to convince you, but you make him more and more convinced by serious teaching and kung fu.He is two years older than you and has no parents. He makes money by showing people warehouses. He has worked hard to learn martial arts.
Among the disciples of Xuewu, there is a person named Yue Kesa that makes you pay special attention.He is a few years older than you. When he first came to the boxing hall, he would only fight a fight. You asked him why he learned martialCome to learn martial arts.You were laughed at him, and after asking him to learn, do you go to try with that person?He suddenly widened his eyes and said why I didn't expect it!Then he asked you to teach him quickly, he was going to "revenge".
Xuewu is not a matter of overnight, not to mention that he has no foundation at all.Although you continue to teach him, starting from the most basic "horse step", telling him that "Xia Jiaquan" must be strong and powerful, and there must be a "hard horse" (solid horse step) as the foundation.[Yue Kesa] It is an anxious temper, every time he spend more effort than other students, but you see him gradually improve and be happy for him.
You are grateful to the two uncle's care, especially the second uncle [xia zhongpeng]. The older he is older, the more inconvenient.After hearing the "rehabilitation" concept of "Zhabei West Hospital", he participated in the activities of various hospitals "trainee nurses", learned to take care of patients, accumulate experience, and hoped to help him resume standing.Although these are not effective at the moment, the second uncle has not abandoned himself because of disability, and still insists on practicing martial arts.

What happened recently (July -August 2nd)
(July 24) You see Sanshura [AMING] playing "dice" gambling.You know [AMING] is not easy to make money, and advise him not to spend time with the third uncle in the future.He said he didn't play much.You shook your head and said that he could see that he was not a good bet.He asked you what you can see?You said: That kind of person practicing martial arts will not concentrate on him.You want to tell him that the third uncle was in debt because of gambling (you listened to what your mother said, your father was angry because of this), but when he said half, he found that it was inappropriate, and then said, "I think you are a master you think you.The boss is not small, you should save money to marry a daughter -in -law. No woman likes her husband loves gambling.[ADING] After listening to you so seriously, not only did not agree honestly, but also laughed, making you embarrassed.
(July 25) When you do a "trainee nurse" in the hospital, you met [Wu Bobo] -wan [Wu Baian]. He is an excellent pharmacist and has a heavy mind.[Wu Bobo] Give you an address. You can find a [Auntie Yi] who has been living for many years according to the address. [Wu Bobo] was a friend of her husband.When you talk about this, she is very painful and let the child send you away.
(July 26) You encountered [Wu Bobo] again, and he mentioned that the "insect killing spirit" developed in 1900 was sold to the "Xiajia Boxing Hall".
(July 28) Your friend [Luo YISI] (nickname), she is one year younger than you, is from Zezhou government, and is rich at home.Zhang's "Old Newspaper" in 1900, the title is "Shameless Poison of Foreign Martial Arts, Chinese Divine Boxing, Drinking and Drinking". The content is a speculation of reporters.The deceased was spasm, with black blood flowing out of his mouth and nose, and his eyes protruding his eyes ... It was reported that the deceased was killed by poison.
Do you take the "old newspaper" to [Wu Bobo] and ask him what would happen to him by mistake?He said that he would have muscle spasm, black blood flowing out of his mouth, and eventually his eyes protruding and dying ... You asked him why he sold such terrible things, and this is how your father died!He was shocked. He explained to you that at the time, he and the "boss" tried to find a way for research. Friends introduced the "Xiajia Boxing Museum" to buy highly poisonous medicine to deal with Lao Kai.
What do you ask him to buy medicine?He took out a "wolf head button" and said that it was wrapped in the other party's silver. Listening to a friend said that it was a "mark" of the organization established in the "Black Wolf River".You asked him to go to the boxing hall to identify the people who bought medicine. He disagreed and said that he would discuss with the "boss" -but he dare not tell the "boss" that he was afraid of being blamed, and he was afraid of the "boss" son to hit him.You believe [Wu Bobo] is not a bad guy, please think about it again.
You return to the boxing hall and go to the indoor martial arts hall to show the "old newspaper" to the third uncle. He is very angry, saying that he is nonsense, and then take away the "old newspaper".Fei [aming] gave him tea. He said that eating "Chinese medicine" in the past two days and not drinking tea.[ADING] After putting the tea down and left, do you ask what the third uncle had?He said that he was not sick. He used to do it and a "Fang's Descendant] with a" Ren Four Elephant Palm "and was injured by the other party with darkness.The moon will not be troublesome.
(July 29) You and [Yue Kesa] talked about [Wu Bobo], but was interrupted by the third uncle. He arranged for you to demonstrate "empty -handed white blades".You were hesitating at the time, and I didn't know if you should say what should be doubtful.It's all you keep working hard to take on others -you are moved by his words, and you will tell him all after the demonstration.
[Xia Sanhu] said that there was a young man named [Wu xiao] outside, and you knew it was the son of [Wu Bobo], and he came out to see him with his uncle.He tells you that [Wu Bai] agreed, and met at the old warehouse in Pudong this afternoon to let you accompany you to see the "boss".
After you come back, you will be demonstrated with [Yue Kesa]. At this time, you have gone to God, and your mind is all about his father. He punch him on the face of [Yue Kesa] and fainted him.The third uncle made people carry him out and hired a carriage to himself.You also went to Pudong to see [Wu Baiian], but waited until it was dark and didn't meet him.The dock is very strong, and you don't care because of anxiety.
You can't think of after July 30, because after that, you fall ill after that ...

Today (August 3)
You wake up from your bed, and feel that your head is haunted and your body has no strength.The second uncle guards you in front of your bed, he tells you that you are too tired recently, and you have fallen ill and have just been taken home.He repeatedly told you to learn to take care of yourself, and go to the kitchen for you to eat.You vaguely remember that I slept for several days after illness, and I must have delayed the work of the boxing hall.The second uncle brought to the porridge and feed you to drink it, and you warmed up. What happened not long ago appeared in your mind as if fragmented, but it was incomplete ...

In the Xiajia Boxing Hall
(18:00) You plan to go to [outer courtyard] to eat in the cafeteria, while looking back at the door, passing the door of the [House] empty house (what was originally uploaded by the ancestors in the house), I remembered that the uncle said that he would change it here to change it here to change it to this.A "office" (he always wants to change the operating method of the boxing hall).When you walk in, you see that it has been moved inside.If you want to know how your body is recovering, you can take a breath and practice the sixteen "general iron fist" in the house (from you to learn martial arts from you, remove your physical discomfort, you will not interrupt for a day).
(18: 40) You hear a loud noise from the outside, as if it was a heavy thing falling to the ground.You feel dizzy when you are about to go out.You have been healed at first, and you only drank a bowl of porridge. Just a little exercise just now. You hold the wall to breathe and come out after a while.
(18: 50) You see the second uncle falling to the ground at the door of the warehouse, and his wheelchair fell next to it.You raise your wheelchair and help him sit up.He asked you to go back to the house to rest immediately. You insist on sending the second uncle to return to his house first. He took a pink "women's bag" and asked if it was yours. You said no.
(19: 00) After you came out of the "Second Uncle's House", knocked on the door of the "Three Uncle Room" and found that the door of the house was not closed. After you went in, you saw that the third uncle was lying on the bed.When you walk to the bed, see him staring at his eyes, the five -finger bent in the air, no breath.You were there, and the picture of his father's death more than ten years ago appeared again, overlapping with the scene in front of you ... You hold back the pain and want to give the third uncle with your eyes.Black, I don't know anything.
(19: 50) You wake up from the coma, and the back of your brain is painful, and everything just now is clearly in your mind.You are lying on the bed in your room now, and the second uncle is still in front of the bed.You quickly told him that you were attacked in the "Sanshu House" and fainted ... He told you that the third uncle had died and told you not to say that he had been to the "Sanshu Room".
(20: 00) Several police officers invite you and the second uncle to go to Zhabei Police Station to help solve the case.You don't know who killed the third uncle, you must remember more things to find out the murderer!

Others you already know
1. Wu Baian: He said that the poisonous "insect killing spirit" was sold to the people in the "Xiajia Boxing Hall", but you didn't ask who it was sold to.You want to find him and let his "boss" agree with him to identify the people who buy medicine.
2. XIA ZHONGPENG: Your second uncle, because of the injury of the competition, has always been inseparable from wheelchairs. Your kung fu is taught by him.You have been trying to find a way to restore him to standing like a father.
3. XIA SANHU: Your third uncle has a bad temper and is not attentive to the boxing hall.Because the second uncle was inconvenient, he took care of you and grew up.You know that he once met with a "Fang's Descendant with a" Ren Four Elephant Palm ".You listened to the death of his mother said that because of good gambling, he was challenged by the boxing hall because of good gambling, and his father was sick.
4. AMING: Ben name [Luo Ming], disciples of the boxing hall, work at the dock, learn martial arts, you see him by [XIA SANHU] to find gambling money, worrying that he is dyed with bad habits.
5. Yue Kesa: The disciples of the boxing hall are irritable. You want to tell him about your own affairs, but he fainted him in front of the mouth. He hasn't had time to apologize with him.
6. You don't know others now.

You state in the police station (you tell you)
l, you (July 30) I have been lethargic after falling ill, and I woke up with illness today.
2. Sanshu [XIA SANHU] is the head of "Xia Jiaquan"."Xia Jiaquan" has not satisfactorily operating in recent years. You are very anxious, worrying that the boxing hall that his father stays will go down because of this.
3. Uncle San never mentioned that he had revenge.
4. No one has mentioned what to make you out.
5. The second uncle and you all like the past operation of the boxing hall.