
Character Background You are neither thirty-seven years old nor [Japanese].
Your real name is [Li Zijun]. You were born in the twelfth year of Tongzhi in the Qing Dynasty (1873). You are an authentic native of Pudong, Shanghai.
When your parents were still alive, they arranged for your eldest brother [Li Zicai] to get engaged to Yu Jin [Duan Hejun], the owner of "Shui Xuan Restaurant". You fell in love with her as soon as you met, and she gave you a hand-embroidered "jinyao" with her name "Hejun" on it. Unexpectedly, not long after, she told you that her body and mind belonged to the famous "Moyun Divine Fist" [Xia Bolong] in Jiangnan, and she would only love him for the rest of her life, which made you give up. In the 21st year of Guangxu (1895), when you received the betrothal gift returned from her family, you heard that she had given birth to a child.
You were devastated. In the year of 1898 (1898) after your parents died, you borrowed money from your eldest brother [Li Zicai] who ran the "Jiashan Tang" medical clinic to study in Tokyo, Japan after the "Meiji Restoration". You met a person named [Xia Sanhu] in the dormitory. When you found out that he was the third brother of [Xia Bolong], you lamented how narrow the road between enemies was! You lied that your name was [Li Luqi], and because we are from the same hometown, your relationship is actually pretty good.
You want to stay in Japan after graduation. I hope to join "Tadayoshi Co., Ltd.". Do you know that "Tadayoshi Co., Ltd." is very influential in Kanto. The founder of the company is named [Tadayoshi Susumu], and his adoptive father [Tadayoshi Tsukimatsu] was the founding father of many founders during the Meiji era. His mentors, [Kido], [Ito] and others all received his guidance.
You submitted your resume (in order to be admitted, you changed your age by five years), but nothing happened. When you had no illusions, a young man who called himself [Tian Jixiu Yi] found you and offered recruitment conditions: take [Xia Sanhu] to a casino called "Yanlang" to get him addicted to gambling.
You did it with almost no effort. [Xia Sanhu]After winning money, I became completely obsessed with it. The last time you saw him was in the year of Gengzi (1900). You had been admitted to Tianji Co., Ltd. and they gave you a surname of "Yuzu", which is pronounced as "wusuo" in Japanese. You changed your name to "Naluqi" (naluqi, which sounds very similar to the pseudonym you lied about before).
[Xia Sanhu] I will borrow money from you after I lose all my money. You felt guilty, so you lent him all the money you had (one hundred silver dollars). He wrote an "IOU" to you, saying that you would pay it back ten times in the future, with an interest of three cents per month. He signed and drew a postcard, and left his home address. Then you heard that he returned to China before completing his studies.
Your work and life in Japan were not satisfactory. You were sent to the countryside by the company for more than ten years before you returned to the Prime Minister. You were still working as a "general servant", and you lost contact with your eldest brother and his family. What scares you even more is that Associate Professor [Akihiro Imamura] from the Department of Science at Tokyo Imperial University, majoring in earthquakes, has proposed that there is a risk of a major earthquake in Tokyo. There are rumors that a catastrophic earthquake will occur in Kanto within ten years.
These circumstances make you decide to return to your country - only then do you realize that you have gained nothing in more than ten years in a foreign country. When you boarded the ship to Shanghai, you had only one box of clothes with you and not much money left. The only connection you had with your hometown was the "Jinjue" that [Miss Duan] gave you twenty years ago.

Recent events (July to August 2)
(July 18) When you return to Shanghai, there are many foreign-style buildings in front of you, and the traffic and horses on the road are noisy, not inferior to Tokyo. You have been gone for more than ten years, and the house at home has long been demolished, and I don’t know where my eldest brother and his family have gone.
You check into a cheap hotel in Pudong and think about your future life. At this time, you think of [Xia Sanhu]'s "IOU". The amount of money you have accumulated to this day is already a large amount of money. You are ready to ask him to get it back, even if it only requires the return of the principal. In order to avoid being looked down upon, you went to the barber shop to trim your beard and hair, and wrote the word "Specialist" under the name "Yu Zu Chengmu" on your business card.
(July 19) You asked a [girl in a foreign dress] on the street for directions to the "Xia Family Boxing Gym". On the way she took you to Zhabei, you told her that you were from Japan, your surname was "Yuzu", you were the "specialist" of "Danji Co., Ltd." in Kanto, Japan, and you often came to Zhudan to do business. When you said goodbye to her at your destination, you kissed her hand. Seeing that she didn't refuse, you asked her if we could meet again. She told you the address of "Francey's Cake Shop" in Qianzhi - you have some Disappointed, thinking that there are many women in Japan who specialize in taking men to stores.
You walked into the "Xia Sanhu Boxing Gym" and saw a [man in a wheelchair]. You told him that you were the "special agent" of the Japanese Kanji "Tenji Co., Ltd." and came to see [Xia Sanhu]. You are Old acquaintance. Then you hand him the business card you prepared.
He said [Xia Sanhu] is not here, please leave a message. You said you came to visit an old friend and discuss some things from the past in person. Since he is not here, you will come back in two days. He asked you to leave an address, but you couldn't tell the hotel where you lived (a "specialist" couldn't stay in a cheap hotel). He remembered the address [the girl in the dress] gave you, and said he wanted to contact you and go to "Flan" in Zujin. "Xian's Cake Shop" will do.
You left the boxing gym and went to the street. You heard someone calling your real name "Li Zijun". It turned out to be your eldest brother's son "Li Luo Ming" (Aming). He was still a child when you left the boxing gym. If he hadn't told you his name , you can’t even recognize it. He said that his father had moved away with his mother. He was currently learning martial arts at the "Xia Family Boxing Gym" and there was an opportunity to make money. He asked if you were interested. You need money very much now, so nod immediately. After he asked for your address, he asked you to meet at the Pudong Pier tomorrow morning.
(July 20) "Aming" takes you into a dock warehouse. There are a lot of door and window furniture inside. He said that these are smuggled "Ming Dynasty Huanghuali", which can be bought by "Xia Sanhu" through cooperation. Give you 30%. You were very happy and immediately thought of a good idea that "Xia Sanhu" could believe in.
(July 21st) You go to the boxing gym, and "Aming" takes you to the "inner house". In the living room is "Xia Sanhu". You hug and greet each other. After a while, you find out that his eldest brother "Xia Bolong" has passed away, leaving only one person. Daughter, he is now the head of the boxing gym. He takes you to the end of the corridor in front of the living room, lifts a hanging painting hanging to the ground, and enters the secret room through a "revolving wooden door."
After some chatting, you said that "Tagoshi Co., Ltd." was going to spend 200,000 taels of silver to buy a batch of "Huanghuali" furniture and send it to Tokyo before the end of August as a birthday gift for "Emperor Taisho" and to rearrange the Imperial Palace. This business can be handed over to him, and 10% of the profit will be given to you afterwards. "Xia Sanhu" agreed without even thinking about it. He brought you tea, left you for lunch, and insisted on taking you back to your residence in person.
You had no choice but to ask him to take you to "Francey's Cake Shop". You entered the shop and ordered a cup of coffee, and saw the "girl in a dress" with "Anqi" written on her badge. You were in a good mood now and spent the whole afternoon bragging to her about your experiences in Japan.
In the next few days, you go to "Francy's Cake Shop" every day and order a cup of coffee, in case someone from the Xia family comes to see you, and [Anqi] can chat with you without tipping. You also teach her a few Japanese words, such as "Arigado, Kusada Yimasi" means "Thank you, thank you very much", "Yila Xia Xima Sen" means "Welcome", "Neon" means "Japan", etc.
(July 25) You finish drinking coffee and find that you can’t get the money out of your pocket, and you are very embarrassed. [Anqi] Ask you what's wrong? You had an idea and said that after you lost your wife (the truth), you had no relatives in Japan (also the truth), and wanted to settle down in Japan and marry a wife, but you were already thirty-seven years old (the age recorded by your company was actually forty-two years old), no woman will fall in love with you (it’s true again). She suddenly said: No! You took the opportunity to kiss her hand, and her face immediately turned red. You said goodbye to her before she could react. Sure enough, she forgot to charge you for the coffee.
(July 26) You go to [Aming] and ask when you can collect the money. He tells you that you still have two hundred taels of silver left to buy those goods. You think of [Anqi] and say that there is a way to borrow it, but you will have to pay 10% more when it is done. He asked you what method you used, and you proudly said that you borrowed it from a woman... He suddenly punched you in the face and told you to go with the injury. Women are more likely to succeed if they are soft-hearted.
[Aming] accompanied you to see [Anqi]. When she brought you a towel, [Aming] left. You said that you were beaten by the owner of the "Xia Family Boxing Gym" [Xia Sanhu] - he owed you money when he was studying in Japan (fact), and you and your friend (Aming) had goods at the dock and needed money to come up with it (also fact). You went to ask for a debt (it’s still true), but [Xia Sanhu] asked you to marry the daughter of your deceased eldest brother [Xia Bolong], otherwise you won’t pay back the money [Xia Bolong] tried to steal your love, but you arranged it and he didn’t even marry his daughter. You disagreed and were beaten after a verbal conflict.
She asked how much you needed now, and you said you wanted two hundred taels of silver, and you could pay her five cents of interest (you believed that high interest could impress anyone). You would only borrow it for a week, and you would pay her back with interest. She brings you two 100-tael silver notes. You write her an "IOU" and sign it as "Yu Zu Special Agent."
(August 2nd) [Aming] took you to the bank to exchange an "eight thousand tael silver note" for you, and then he took out a "two hundred tael silver note" and "twenty silver dollars" and asked you to take the money with you. If you don’t agree to return the interest to the woman, tell her: You don’t have to pay back the money you borrowed from the woman. Those who borrowed the money are fools who are greedy for future benefits, and they deserve it... These are all things you have done after you were abandoned by [Ms. Duan]. You will get there if you go to Danzhu - stories like this happen every day in Ginza, Tokyo. Having said that, you should go with him to "Francy's Cake Shop" and after paying back the money to [Anqi] in front of him, [Aming] will ask you to go to the boxing gym tomorrow (August 3). , and whispered that there is something good for you.
Today (August 3)
Today is your last day in the cheap hotel. You bought a "train ticket" on the "Shanghai-Nanjing Railway" to Nanjing, and prepared to leave here after tonight and start a new life - you didn't forget [Aming] mentioned After packing your luggage, you go to the "Xia Family Boxing Gym" again. In the Xia family boxing gym
(17:20) When you go to the "Xia Family Boxing Gym" and see [Aming], he will ask you to go straight into the [inner house] and go to the "Xia Sanhu Room" (the third door on the right side of the corridor) to meet him.
(17:30) You didn’t see [Xia Sanhu] in the room, so you sat down and waited for him.
(18:00) You see a valuable "golden medal" in the cabinet, and remember that [Xia Sanhu] still owes you money, so you loosen your "tie", stuff the "golden medal" into your shirt, and then He pulled down his "tie" to block it, and because he was impatient, he pulled off the "tie clip" and dropped it under the bed. You lie down on the bed and want to take it out with your hands.
(18:10) A [young man in a long gown] enters the room. You quickly stand up and cover your abdomen with your hands (the medal is hidden here), without having time to wipe the sweat from your head. He said his name was [Duan Yuetong] and he was a policeman. He asked if you were [Xia Guanzhu]. You said your surname was "Yu Zu". He then asked if you knew a pharmacist named [Wu Baian]. You have an impression of this name, and you bang your head trying to recall it. Finally, you remember that among the classmates of your eldest brother [Li Zicai], there is a person named [Wu Baian]. You have met him and your eldest brother and there is another person named [Yue Gu]. People are studying medicine together, and you heard from the elder brother that they have created a highly toxic insecticide that will kill humans and animals if ingested, so it cannot be sold on the market. You told [Duan Yuetong]: I only know that [Wu Baian] is [Li Zicai]’s classmate.
(18:20) [The man in the wheelchair] opens the door and comes in. You are afraid that he will find out that you have lost something. After bowing to him, you put your hands on your abdomen and walk out.
(18:30) You didn't dare to go out directly. You turned at the door of the [inner house] to the corridor in front of the living room. You heard someone calling "Mr. Yuzu" repeatedly, so you hid in the secret room at the end of the corridor.
(18: 40) You were looking for something valuable in the secret room but couldn't find it. Then you heard a loud noise and the ground shook. Could it be an earthquake? You quickly ducked down and hid for a while before looking outside again (there was a small hole in the wall of the secret room, allowing you to see outside). Anqi actually appeared in the corridor. She ran towards this direction in a hurry, bumped into a wheelchair at the door of the warehouse, and fell together. When she got up, her women's bag hung on the wheelchair.
(18: 50) Anqi opened the hanging painting outside the secret room, opened the door and came in. You took the opportunity to exit from the other side. When you come out, you immediately hide in the living room next to you. Unexpectedly, Aming was also in the living room. When he saw you, he felt like he had seen a ghost. You whisper that you've received the "benefits" (golden medals).
(19:00) You come out of the living room, Aming is following you, and you say goodbye to him at the door of the house. At this time, you saw Duan Yuetong standing at the south gate of the outer courtyard. You were afraid that he would ask you something, so you walked around the path behind the dormitory and indoor martial arts gym to the east gate and left the boxing gym.
(19:50) You returned to the cheap hotel, and you didn’t expect Anqi to follow you in. You quickly explained: My business failed, and I will go back tomorrow... This is what you learned from the seniors in the company, and it is a good escape. Rhetoric. Anqi doesn't care about this. She comforts you that if your business fails, you can start over. As long as you don't lose heart, it will be a complete failure. You suddenly have an idea and ask Anqi: I don’t have a penny now, can we still be friends? She nodded seriously and said: Yes.
You are convinced that she is different from the women you have known before. This is a new starting point in your life. You will not let the story of [Miss Duan] repeat itself. You now have a lot of money and mature charm. You are completely different from [Li Zijun] back then. You want to take this woman away with you. She will be your happiness for the rest of your life. (20:00) Several police officers walked in and asked you to go to Zhabei Police Station to assist in the investigation. You asked [Anqi] if she could accompany you, and she agreed. You believe even more that after tonight, there will be a new happy life.

other people you already know
1. Wu Baian: Your eldest brother [Li Zicai]’s classmate, together with [Yue Gu] developed a highly toxic insecticide.
2. Xia Bolong: The man who took away your beloved [Miss Duan] has passed away.
3. Xia Sanhu: [Xia Bolong]’s younger brother, was deceived by you.
4. Duan Yuetong: Calls himself a policeman.
5. Aming: My real name is [Li Luo Ming], he is your nephew, and he planned with you to let [Xia Sanhu] buy the smuggled huanghuali. You are now pretending to be strangers.
6. Anqi: The clerk of "Francy's Cake Shop", you are going to take her away with you.
7. You don’t know the others now.

Your statement at the police station (what you tell everyone)
1. You don’t know what happened, why did the police bring you here?
2. You are a special agent of "Tayoshi Co., Ltd.", a large company in the Kanto region of the "Empire of Japan", and a senior official of "Co., Ltd.". If it delays your return to the country to attend the birthday ceremony of "Emperor Taisho" at the end of August, you will The embassy put pressure on those who failed to do their job and asked them to commit hara-kiri to apologize.
3. You are a "Japanese" of the "Yamato nation" and are protected by the embassy.
4. The boss of your "Co., Ltd." [Takahide Tagoshi] is a good friend of Japan's current "Army General" [Qian Tian], and they are very powerful.
5. You went to the "Xia Family Boxing Gym" today to urge [Xia Sanhu] to do things for your "Co., Ltd."
