Background
[Yue Dongwen] is the name you changed after you founded the company.
Your original name [Yue Gu] was born in the seventh year of Tongzhi in the Qing Dynasty (1868), and was originally from Changsha.More than ten years ago, you were just a poor private doctor. The family lived outside the city of Shanghai [Master Meng].In the 21st year of Guangxu (1895), you went to Tianjin with [Master Meng].
At that time, Tianjin had a "Tennown Taiwan". Several Russian and Japanese warriors were constantly provocative and arrogant.For a few days in a row, the challengers were not their opponents. Until a young [Chinese martial artist] from Shanghai came to power, he rely on a pair of iron fist and challenged the Lord after defeating a few people: Japanese "Ghost Tibetan" Master [Akiyama Zuoman].You and [Master Meng] have previously seen [Akiyama Zuo Man] spicy, all worried about [Chinese martial arts].
Unexpectedly, [Chinese martial arts] was high, and forced [Akiyama Zuoman] to take out a small Tai Dao, he had to fight against each other, but he was still captured by [Chinese martial arts] to seize the knife empty -handed, and shocked four.After that, someone applied to the court to [Chinese Martial Arts] to be a "gold medal" as a reward.
You were deeply moved by this competition.Later, with the support of his wife, he resigned to [Master Meng] and was determined to be in Shanghai's self -standing portal and made a famous hall.You have a lot of like -minded classmates and friends. You have made several special effects agents, but unfortunately you cannot use the same.Everyone gradually goes to the future, and finally stays, only the old classmates of you and the pharmacist now as your company [Wu Baian].
[Wu Baian] It is a genius in terms of drugs.Many you dare to try if you think it is impossible. When the funding is not enough to buy raw materials, he runs to the deep mountains outside the city to collect medicine.In order to allow work to continue, you sell some dangerous medicines for trustworthy friends.
This situation was not eased until you raised a lot of silver.Since then, more and more clients sold by "Yue" have been appreciated by more and more customers, and the business is booming.You put all your energy on the company's operations, and WU BAIAN is still studying.You see him with gray hair, much older than the actual age.
You are now the big boss of "Shanghai Yue's Medicine Company". The only thing that business has been to sniper from Pudong has been the only thing that makes you unwilling to be your son Yue Kesa -he has been fighting since he was a child. He has only converged in recent years.Now he went to Zhabei "Xiajia Boxing Hall" to practice martial arts. Although he still did not do business, he finally did not cause trouble.You are considering marrying him a wife, so that he can settle down -you do n’t care about the “door -to -door right”, and you know that his son does not like the business community.
You have met an orphan named AMing at the pier, and the death of his parents is here (his father Li Zicai was your classmate when you were studying medicine, and he also participated in your research).For your feelings, you want to send him back to school to continue school, but he hopes you to make money for him.You have given him a warehouse in the dock to him to manage, and there have been no problems.
As a major shareholder of "Zhabei West Hospital", you continue to introduce advanced medical technologies in Western in the Western, including this century (20th century) the emerging "rehabilitation" concept.You also asked the hospital to recruit a group of "nurses" (this year, that is, in 1914, fresh words translated from NURSE), cultivated them to help patients.
As you get older, you find that your body is not as big as before, and you ca n’t stand your heart when you are excited, so you carry a few “syringes” and “Digilanid C” with you.Excessive injection will produce side effects such as arrhythmia, dizziness, poisoning, diarrhea, and abdominal pain).

What happened recently (July -August 2nd)
(July 18) [aming] Take someone to see you, you recognize that it is the shopkeeper of the "Shuixuan Restaurant" [bai Changgong].He was rely on as a shopkeeper. He had a batch of doors and windows, known as "Huanghuali of the Ming Dynasty", and window furniture.You have seen it in private, and you have seen it. They are all fakes. So far, they have not paid the rent (two hundred two silver).[ADING] I want to deduct this batch of goods to deduct the rent, [bai Changgong] Please limit him for ten days, you agree.
(July 22) The owner of the "Xia Family Boxing Hall" [xia Sanhu] to borrow money with you. You know that his boxing hall is not well managed and less and less apprentices.He said that there was a big business under his eyes, and he was anxious to use money, and he could return soon.You asked him to use the "land" of the boxing hall for mortgage.
(July 23) [XIA SANHU] Come to you with the "land", borrow 22,000 silver, and you pay for the usual usual usual usual usual usual usual practice, which will be paid 18 and two for ten days. It is ten days.Three -point interest, even the profit of this belt must pay back 26,000.
(July 24) [Yue Kesa] There was a dispute with [Wu Baian]. At that time, you had a guest, so let your son return to the house and let [Wu Baian] go outside and wait for you to receive the guests.Essence
(July 29) [Wu Baian] Lost contact, you sent someone to his house without seeing anyone. When you received the guests, you watched the "Xian Xianzi" on the window sill, recalling what he created with him at the beginning.Essence[ADING] I will send you [bai Changgong] to make up for the rent (two silver tickets of one hundred and two), saying that he will take the goods away these days.
In the afternoon, the servant told you that [yue kesa] was stunned and asked outsiders to send it back. You are worried, and how can he fight and cause trouble again ... Later, he learned that he was fainted by the boxer when he was practicing.After waking up, I went back to the room to rest.This makes you more angry.You feel heart discomfort, not only cancel the scheduled interview, but not even receiving a friend's visit at night, and you rest early.
(August 1) When you go to "Zhabei West Hospital", you meet [XIA SANHU], and you tell him that today is the day of repayment.He said today to look at [niece], without a silver ticket, let you wait for another two days, and the day after tomorrow will return to you.Look at him to see a sleeping [woman in white] and ask [Nursery Chief] what is the girl?[Captain of Nurse] Saying [Uncle] Nothing is a big deal, it may be too tired and need to rest.She went on to say that [Shu'e] was a good girl who came to the hospital as a "trainee nurse" and took good care of older patients. Everyone liked her very much.
You ask the age of [Uncle], [Captain of Nurse] said that it was in his early twenties. You think you can introduce your son, and suddenly think of [Yue Kesa] should have known her a long time, after all, it is a boxer in a boxing hall.Is the boy going to the boxing hall every day because of her?
Today (August 3)
[Yue Kesa] I don't know where to run today, you sigh secretly.By the afternoon, [Xia Sanhu], before you come back, you will let the driver [alun] drive you to the "Xiajia Boxing Museum" debt.
In the Xiajia Boxing Hall
(L7: 00) You see [XIA SANHU] in the corridor of the boxing hall [inner house].He stood on the right and ahead, and there was a middle -aged man who was in a wheelchair.[Xia Sanhu] Introduced you, his second brother [xia zhongpeng] in the wheelchair.You are slightly cold.
(17:10) [xia Sanhu] Take you to the right corridor opposite, enter the warehouse, there are many wooden doors and windows, tables and chairs beds and cabinets.He said to you that these are all treasures, the furniture of "Huanghuali of the Ming Dynasty". Each piece is very valuable, letting you choose it casually, as repayment.You recognize the batch of [bai changnggong], and ask [XIA SANHU] Is this his big business?He replied: What about it?You can't help but sneer. The martial arts do not do business. These are not real."The Ming Dynasty Huanghuali" is all fakes.After hearing it, he was stunned on the spot, and then stared at you and said that you lie to others, you want to lie to his boxing hall!
(17:30) [xia Sanhu] After more than ten minutes of temper, he calmed down. He asked you to wait in the seat.After he went out for a while, he brought back a pot of tea and poured you a cup. You took it over to look at some "granules" and put it aside.He watched you not drink, initiated the fire, and yelled: Don't know the surname Yue, thanks to your pills, thanks to the loss, I survived!If you get rich now, you should repay me well.
You ask him if he is crazy?He hummed and laughed. The "insect killing spirit" you did with [Wu Bai], if it weren't for me to take care of the business, you would have been on the street to ask for a meal ... Then you know that [Wu Baian] actually sold in privateThe "insect killing spirit" developed that year can only cause a dose to cause people to die, so they did not dare to go public.You glanced at the particles on the tea again, and couldn't help but sweat.[XIA SANHU] Take out a "Old Newspaper" for you. There is a 1900 report on it, the title is "Shameless Poison of Foreign Martial Arts, Chinese God Boxing, Drinking and Hate", [Wu Baian] "insect killing spirit", If humans and animals are eaten by mistake, it will be the case.
You fall into thought -this is what happened during the Qing Dynasty. Even if it was exposed, it would not let anyone go to jail, but the "Yue" employees sold poison and caused an accident.The smoke disappeared.If you have been in business for many years, you will be calm at this time and ask [xia Sanhu] What do you want?He said that he now has a warehouse baby and this boxing hall. The boxing hall is ancestral biography. He uses his elder brother’s life to maintain it. Whoever wants the boxing hall is the life of his whole family, depending on how you choose it.Intersection
You know that he can't get money now, and he said that he can see the face of [Yue Kesa] from the face of the boxing hall, and remove the interest for half of it, and then limit it for a month.[Xia Sanhu] Squeezed a "good" word from the gap, and then he picked up the tea cup and threw the cup on the ground after drinking it. He said to you: Without a wide limit, I will give you the silver back now.Do you ask him who wants and how do you want it?He sneered: There is a head of injustice, the debt has the owner, I know him, and the "dagger" in my house will not recognize it!After speaking, he walked out.
You feel a heart discomfort, quickly put down the "old newspaper" and injected yourself "Westland".Then you threw the "syringe" and sat on the chair and closed your eyes to rest until your heartbeat returned to normal.
(18:00) You return to the car with exhaustion, and then think of taking the "old newspaper" away.
(18:10) When you go to the [inner house] when you find the "old newspaper", you see a [gowning youth] into the third door on the right side of the corridor.
(18:20) You leave the "Xiajia Boxing Hall" and let [alun] drive you to find [Wu Baian].
(18:40) You go to [Wu Baian] home. If you don't see anyone, let [alun] drive back.
(20:00) The police brought a official document to your house. Please go to Zhabei Police Station to help them investigate the case together. You are very disturbed and immediately contact the lawyer.

Others you already know
1. Wu Baian: Your company's pharmacist is also your old classmate. You have worked together for more than ten years. He is a person who is thinking about research. He rarely communicates with people other than research. His wife dies early and has a son.
2. Yue Kesa: The only child who makes you headache, he doesn't like business things, travels every day, you want to marry him a wife, so that he can settle down.
3. XIA SANHU: The owner of your son learns the Wushu Hall.He owes you a lot of money, and it is likely not to be yet.
In order to recover your money, you plan to find out who you lie to him to buy fakes.
4. XIA ZHONGPENG: The second brother of xia Sanhu, sitting on a wheelchair.
5. XIA Shue: The niece of xia Sanhu, has been a "internship nurse", you have listened to her praise, and want to introduce to his son.
6. AMING: Formerly known as Li Lu Ming, is the son of Li Zicai, the classmate you died, to play a warehouse for your dock.
7. You don't know others now.

You state in the police station (you tell you)
1. You don't know what happened, why do the police invite you to come?
2. You go to the "Xiajia Boxing Hall" to find the arrears of XIA SANHU to expire.
3. You (18:00) leave the "Xiajia Boxing Hall" and return to the car.
4. You have invited a lawyer to come over and will arrive in 40 minutes.
5. You won't stay here for a long time. There are many friends in the police in the police world. If you don't have something to do with you, you will go back after the lawyer arrives.
6. You